Installed Packages
3dprinter-udev-rules.noarch                       0.2.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
AtomicParsley.x86_64                              0.9.5-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
Box2D.x86_64                                      2.4.1-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
CUnit.x86_64                                      2.1.3-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
CharLS.x86_64                                     2.0.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
CuraEngine.x86_64                                 1:4.8.0-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
Field3D.x86_64                                    1.7.3-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
GConf2.x86_64                                     3.2.6-30.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
GeoIP.x86_64                                      1.6.12-9.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
GeoIP-GeoLite-data.noarch                         2018.06-7.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                             1.3.36-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                         1.3.36-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ImageMagick.x86_64                                1:6.9.11.27-3.fc34                              @fedora                                           
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                           1:6.9.11.27-3.fc34                              @fedora                                           
Judy.x86_64                                       1.0.5-25.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
LabPlot.x86_64                                    2.8.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
LibRaw.x86_64                                     0.20.2-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
Lmod.x86_64                                       8.4.23-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
MUMPS.x86_64                                      5.3.5-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
MUMPS-common.noarch                               5.3.5-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
ModemManager.x86_64                               1.16.4-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                          1.16.4-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
NLopt.x86_64                                      2.6.2-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
NetworkManager.x86_64                             1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                        1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                   1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch  1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-iodine.x86_64                      1.2.0-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-iodine-gnome.x86_64                1.2.0-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                        1.8.6-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64                  1.8.6-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                       1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                   1.2.14-1.fc34.1                                 @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64             1.2.14-1.fc34.1                                 @fedora                                           
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                 1.2.6-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64           1.2.6-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                     1:1.8.14-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64               1:1.8.14-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                         1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                        1:1.2.8-2.fc34.2                                @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.2.8-2.fc34.2                                @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                         1.2.12-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.12-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                        1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                        1:1.2.6-6.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.2.6-6.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                        1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                        1:1.30.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
ORBit2.x86_64                                     2.14.19-25.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                1.1.1-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                2.2.14.0-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
PackageKit.x86_64                                 1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64               1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                            1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                     1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
R-core.x86_64                                     4.0.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
SDL.x86_64                                        1.2.15-46.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
SDL-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.15-46.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
SDL2.x86_64                                       2.0.14-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                 2.0.14-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
SoapySDR.x86_64                                   0.7.2-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
SuperLU.x86_64                                    5.2.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
Xaw3d.x86_64                                      1.6.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
Xaw3d-devel.x86_64                                1.6.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
Zim.noarch                                        0.73.5-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                    3.001-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
aalib-libs.x86_64                                 1.4.0-0.41.rc5.fc34                             @fedora                                           
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                    0.301-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
abc.x86_64                                        1.01-30.git20210328.fc34                        @fedora                                           
abc-libs.x86_64                                   1.01-30.git20210328.fc34                        @fedora                                           
abrt.x86_64                                       2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                            2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                      2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                      2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                          2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                            2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-cli.x86_64                                   2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                  2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-desktop.x86_64                               2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-gui.x86_64                                   2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                              2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                        1.2.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
abrt-libs.x86_64                                  2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                          2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                        2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
abrt-tui.x86_64                                   2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
accountsservice.x86_64                            0.6.55-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                       0.6.55-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
acl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
acpica-tools.x86_64                               20200925-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
acpid.x86_64                                      2.0.32-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
adcli.x86_64                                      0.9.1-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
admesh.x86_64                                     0.98.4-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
admesh-libs.x86_64                                0.98.4-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                        20171205-10.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch             20171205-10.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                         20180407-8.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
adobe-release-x86_64.noarch                       1.0-1                                           @@commandline                                     
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                2.030.1.050-10.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
advancecomp.x86_64                                2.1-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                       40.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                         40.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.2.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
airspyone_host.x86_64                             1.0.9-11.20180615gitbfb66708.fc34               @fedora                                           
akmod-nvidia.x86_64                               3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
akmods.noarch                                     0.5.6-27.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
akonadi.x86_64                                    1.13.0-118.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
alacritty.x86_64                                  0.8.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
alembic-libs.x86_64                               1.8.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
alien.noarch                                      8.95-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
alliance.x86_64                                   5.1.1-23.20160506gitd8c05cd.fc34                @fedora                                           
alliance-libs.x86_64                              5.1.1-23.20160506gitd8c05cd.fc34                @fedora                                           
alsa-lib.x86_64                                   1.2.4-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                             1.2.4-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                    1.2.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                          1.6.1-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
alsa-ucm.noarch                                   1.2.4-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
alsa-utils.x86_64                                 1.2.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
alternatives.x86_64                               1.15-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
anaconda.x86_64                                   34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-core.x86_64                              34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-gui.x86_64                               34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                  34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-live.x86_64                              34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-tui.x86_64                               34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
anaconda-user-help.noarch                         26.1-13.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                           34.24.9-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
analitza.x86_64                                   20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
annobin.x86_64                                    9.71-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
ant.noarch                                        1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-antlr.noarch                                  1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-bcel.noarch                            1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-bsf.noarch                             1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-oro.noarch                             1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-regexp.noarch                          1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-resolver.noarch                        1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-apache-xalan2.noarch                          1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-commons-logging.noarch                        1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-commons-net.noarch                            1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-javamail.noarch                               1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-jdepend.noarch                                1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-jmf.noarch                                    1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-jsch.noarch                                   1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-junit.noarch                                  1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-junit5.noarch                                 1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-lib.noarch                                    1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-swing.noarch                                  1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-testutil.noarch                               1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ant-xz.noarch                                     1.10.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
anthy-unicode.x86_64                              1.0.0.20201109-3.fc34                           @updates                                          
antlr-tool.noarch                                 2.7.7-64.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
antlr32-java.noarch                               3.2-29.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-codec.noarch                       1.15-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-compress.noarch                    1.20-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-exec.noarch                        1.3-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-io.noarch                          1:2.8.0-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
apache-commons-jxpath.noarch                      1.3-38.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                       3.11-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-logging.noarch                     1.2-25.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-commons-net.noarch                         3.6-11.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
apache-sshd.noarch                                1:2.6.0-2.fc34                                  @updates                                          
apiguardian.noarch                                1.1.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
appimagelauncher.x86_64                           2.2.0-travis995~0f91801                         @@commandline                                     
appstream.x86_64                                  0.14.3-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
appstream-data.noarch                             34-1.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
apr.x86_64                                        1.7.0-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
apr-util.x86_64                                   1.6.1-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                               1.6.1-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                           1.6.1-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
arandr.noarch                                     0.1.10-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
arc-icon-theme.noarch                             1479849758.55a5753-0.20161122.fc28              @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:user501254:Arc    
arc-theme.noarch                                  1488477732.766ae1a-71.2.fc28                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:user501254:Arc    
archivo-black-fonts.noarch                        1.001-1.fc34                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
arduino.noarch                                    1:1.8.13-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
arduino-builder.x86_64                            1.3.25-7.fc33                                   @fedora                                           
arduino-core.noarch                               1:1.8.13-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
arduino-ctags.x86_64                              5.8-13.arduino11.fc34                           @fedora                                           
arduino-devel.noarch                              1:1.8.13-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
arduino-doc.noarch                                1:1.8.13-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
arduino-listSerialPortsC.x86_64                   1.4.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
args4j.noarch                                     2.33-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
argtable.x86_64                                   2.13-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
armadillo.x86_64                                  10.2.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
arpack.x86_64                                     3.7.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
asciiquarium.noarch                               1.1-15.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
aspell.x86_64                                     12:0.60.8-6.fc34                                @fedora                                           
assertj-core.noarch                               3.17.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
astyle.x86_64                                     3.1-12.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
at.x86_64                                         3.1.23-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                2.38.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                          2.38.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
at-spi2-core.x86_64                               2.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                         2.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
atinject.noarch                                   1-36.20100611svn86.fc34                         @fedora                                           
atk.x86_64                                        2.36.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
atk-devel.x86_64                                  2.36.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
atkmm.x86_64                                      2.28.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
atmel-firmware.noarch                             1.3-24.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
attica.x86_64                                     0.4.2-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
attica-devel.x86_64                               0.4.2-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
attr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
audit.x86_64                                      3.0.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
audit-libs.x86_64                                 3.0.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
augeas-libs.x86_64                                1.12.0-6.fc34                                   @updates                                          
authselect.x86_64                                 1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
authselect-compat.x86_64                          1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
authselect-libs.x86_64                            1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
autoconf.noarch                                   2.69-36.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
autoconf-archive.noarch                           2019.01.06-7.fc34                               @fedora                                           
autocorr-en.noarch                                1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
automake.noarch                                   1.16.2-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
automoc.x86_64                                    1.0-0.38.rc3.fc34                               @fedora                                           
avahi.x86_64                                      0.8-9.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-devel.x86_64                                0.8-9.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
avahi-glib.x86_64                                 0.8-9.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-libs.x86_64                                 0.8-9.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-tools.x86_64                                0.8-9.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
avarice.x86_64                                    2.13-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
avr-binutils.x86_64                               1:2.35-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
avr-gcc.x86_64                                    1:10.2.0-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
avr-gcc-c++.x86_64                                1:10.2.0-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
avr-libc.noarch                                   2.0.0-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
avra.x86_64                                       1.3.0-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
avrdude.x86_64                                    6.3-20.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
azote.noarch                                      1.9.1-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                               019-19.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
b43-openfwwf.noarch                               5.2-26.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
babl.x86_64                                       0.1.86-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
baloo-widgets.x86_64                              21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
baobab.x86_64                                     40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
basesystem.noarch                                 11-11.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
bash.x86_64                                       5.1.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
bash-completion.noarch                            1:2.11-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
batik.noarch                                      1.14-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
batik-css.noarch                                  1.14-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
batik-util.noarch                                 1.14-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bc.x86_64                                         1.07.1-12.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
bcache-tools.x86_64                               1.1-0.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
bcel.noarch                                       6.4.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
biber.noarch                                      2.14-6.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bind-libs.x86_64                                  32:9.16.15-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
bind-license.noarch                               32:9.16.15-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
bind-utils.x86_64                                 32:9.16.15-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
binutils.x86_64                                   2.35.1-41.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
binutils-devel.x86_64                             2.35.1-41.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
binutils-gold.x86_64                              2.35.1-41.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
bison.x86_64                                      3.7.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
bitstream-vera-sans-fonts.noarch                  1.10-41.fc33                                    @fedora                                           
blender.x86_64                                    1:2.92.0-10.fc34                                @updates                                          
blivet-data.noarch                                1:3.3.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                         2.2.1-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
blosc.x86_64                                      1.21.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
blt.x86_64                                        2.4-59.z.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
blueberry.noarch                                  1.4.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
bluez.x86_64                                      5.58-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bluez-cups.x86_64                                 5.58-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bluez-libs.x86_64                                 5.58-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                5.58-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
bluez-tools.x86_64                                0.2.0-0.16.git20170912.7cb788c.fc34             @fedora                                           
bodhi-client.noarch                               5.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
bolt.x86_64                                       0.9.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
boost.x86_64                                      1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-atomic.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-chrono.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-container.x86_64                            1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-context.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-contract.x86_64                             1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-coroutine.x86_64                            1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-date-time.x86_64                            1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-devel.x86_64                                1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-fiber.x86_64                                1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-filesystem.x86_64                           1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-graph.x86_64                                1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-iostreams.x86_64                            1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-locale.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-log.x86_64                                  1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-math.x86_64                                 1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-nowide.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-numpy3.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-program-options.x86_64                      1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-python3.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-random.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-regex.x86_64                                1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-serialization.x86_64                        1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                           1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-system.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-test.x86_64                                 1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-thread.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
boost-timer.x86_64                                1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                         1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
boost-wave.x86_64                                 1.75.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
bouncycastle.noarch                               1.67-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
bouncycastle-pg.noarch                            1.67-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
bouncycastle-pkix.noarch                          1.67-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
brasero.x86_64                                    3.12.2-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
brasero-libs.x86_64                               3.12.2-15.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                          5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
brltty.x86_64                                     6.3-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
brotli-devel.x86_64                               1.0.9-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
bsf.noarch                                        2.4.0-40.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                5.12.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
bubblewrap.x86_64                                 0.4.1-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
bullet.x86_64                                     3.08-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
bullet-devel.x86_64                               3.08-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
byacc.x86_64                                      2.0.20210109-2.fc34                             @fedora                                           
byte-buddy.noarch                                 1.10.14-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
byte-buddy-agent.noarch                           1.10.14-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
bzip2.x86_64                                      1.0.8-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                1.0.8-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.8-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
c-ares.x86_64                                     1.17.1-2.module_f34+11494+9ce8005d              @fedora-modular                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                            2020.2.41-7.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
caca-utils.x86_64                                 0.99-0.53.beta19.fc34                           @fedora                                           
cairo.x86_64                                      1.17.4-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cairo-devel.x86_64                                1.17.4-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cairo-gobject.x86_64                              1.17.4-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                        1.17.4-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cairomm.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cantor.x86_64                                     20.12.2-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cantor-R.x86_64                                   20.12.2-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cantor-julia.x86_64                               20.12.2-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cantor-libs.x86_64                                20.12.2-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
capstone.x86_64                                   4.0.2-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
caribou.x86_64                                    0.4.21-25.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
caribou-gtk2-module.x86_64                        0.4.21-25.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
caribou-gtk3-module.x86_64                        0.4.21-25.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
castxml.x86_64                                    0.4.3-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
catatonit.x86_64                                  0.1.5-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
catdoc.x86_64                                     0.95-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
catharsis-cormorant-garamond-fonts.noarch         3.602-4.20200316git83d1fa9.fc33                 @fedora                                           
catimg.x86_64                                     2.7.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
ccache.x86_64                                     4.2-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
cdbs.noarch                                       0.4.163-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cdparanoia.x86_64                                 10.2-37.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                            10.2-37.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cdrdao.x86_64                                     1.2.4-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cervisia.x86_64                                   20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cfitsio.x86_64                                    3.490-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cgnslib.x86_64                                    4.1.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
check.x86_64                                      0.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
check-devel.x86_64                                0.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
checkpolicy.x86_64                                3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
cheese.x86_64                                     2:3.38.0-3.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
cheese-libs.x86_64                                2:3.38.0-3.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
cherrytree-future.x86_64                          0.99.37.20210519git6ee5bc4-1.fc34               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:bcotton:cherrytree
chkconfig.x86_64                                  1.15-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                         10.1-12.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
chrony.x86_64                                     4.1-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
cifs-utils.x86_64                                 6.11-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                            6.11-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
cinnamon.x86_64                                   4.8.6-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-control-center.x86_64                    4.8.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-control-center-filesystem.x86_64         4.8.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-desktop.x86_64                           4.8.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-menus.x86_64                             4.8.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-screensaver.x86_64                       4.8.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-session.x86_64                           4.8.0-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cinnamon-settings-daemon.x86_64                   4.8.5-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cinnamon-themes.noarch                            1:1.8.7-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cinnamon-translations.noarch                      4.8.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cjs.x86_64                                        1:4.8.2-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
clang-libs.x86_64                                 12.0.0-0.3.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                  12.0.0-0.3.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                          12.0.0-0.3.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
clang11-libs.x86_64                               11.1.0-0.6.rc2.fc34                             @fedora                                           
clang11-resource-filesystem.x86_64                11.1.0-0.6.rc2.fc34                             @fedora                                           
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                      1:39-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                  1:39-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
cliquer-libs.x86_64                               1.21-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                       2.3.3.4-40.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc34             @anaconda                                         
clucene-core.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-40.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc34             @anaconda                                         
clutter.x86_64                                    1.26.4-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
clutter-devel.x86_64                              1.26.4-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
clutter-gst3.x86_64                               3.0.27-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                1.8.4-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
clutter-gtk-devel.x86_64                          1.8.4-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cmake.x86_64                                      3.19.7-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cmake-data.noarch                                 3.19.7-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                           3.19.7-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                           3.19.7-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cmatrix.x86_64                                    2.0-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
code.x86_64                                       1.56.2-1620838566.el8                           @code                                             
codec2.x86_64                                     0.9.2-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cogl.x86_64                                       1.22.8-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cogl-devel.x86_64                                 1.22.8-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
coin-or-Cbc.x86_64                                2.10.5-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
coin-or-Cgl.x86_64                                0.60.3-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
coin-or-Clp.x86_64                                1.17.6-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
coin-or-CoinUtils.x86_64                          2.11.4-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
coin-or-Osi.x86_64                                0.108.6-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
color-filesystem.noarch                           1-26.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
colord.x86_64                                     1.4.5-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
colord-gtk.x86_64                                 0.2.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
colord-libs.x86_64                                1.4.5-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                            5.1.5-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
compat-readline5.x86_64                           5.2-39.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
compface.x86_64                                   1.5.2-31.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
compiler-rt.x86_64                                12.0.0-0.1.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
comps-extras.noarch                               24-9.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
compsize.x86_64                                   1.5-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
conda.noarch                                      4.10.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
conky.x86_64                                      1.12.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
conmon.x86_64                                     2:2.0.27-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
container-selinux.noarch                          2:2.162.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
containerd.io.x86_64                              1.4.6-3.1.fc34                                  @docker-ce-stable                                 
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                1.0.0-0.1.rc1.fc34                              @updates                                          
containers-common.noarch                          4:1-16.fc34                                     @updates                                          
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                           4.0-0.fc34                                      @updates                                          
coreutils.x86_64                                  8.32-26.fc34                                    @updates                                          
coreutils-common.x86_64                           8.32-26.fc34                                    @updates                                          
corosynclib.x86_64                                3.1.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cpio.x86_64                                       2.13-10.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
cpp.x86_64                                        11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
cppcheck.x86_64                                   2.3-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
cracklib.x86_64                                   2.9.6-25.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                             2.9.6-25.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
createrepo_c.x86_64                               0.17.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                          0.17.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
criu.x86_64                                       3.15-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
criu-libs.x86_64                                  3.15-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
cronie.x86_64                                     1.5.7-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
cronie-anacron.x86_64                             1.5.7-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
crontabs.noarch                                   1.11-24.20190603git.fc34                        @fedora                                           
crun.x86_64                                       0.19.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
crypto-policies.noarch                            20210213-1.git5c710c0.fc34                      @anaconda                                         
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                    20210213-1.git5c710c0.fc34                      @anaconda                                         
cryptsetup.x86_64                                 2.3.6-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                            2.3.6-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
cscope.x86_64                                     15.9-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
ctags.x86_64                                      5.8-31.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
cuda.x86_64                                       1:11.3.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
cuda-libs.x86_64                                  1:11.3.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
cuda-nvvp.x86_64                                  1:11.3.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
cuda-repo-fedora33-11-3-local.x86_64              11.3.1_465.19.01-1                              @System                                           
cups.x86_64                                       1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-client.x86_64                                1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-devel.x86_64                                 1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-filesystem.noarch                            1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-filters.x86_64                               1.28.8-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                          1.28.8-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
cups-ipptool.x86_64                               1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-libs.x86_64                                  1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                               @updates                                          
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                             0.2.6-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cura.noarch                                       1:4.8.0-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
cura-fdm-materials.noarch                         4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
curl.x86_64                                       7.76.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
cvs.x86_64                                        1.11.23-56.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                 2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                           2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                          2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                             2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                             2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                           2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                           2.1.27-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
dSFMT.x86_64                                      2.2.3-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                71.1-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
dbus.x86_64                                       1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbus-broker.x86_64                                28-3.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
dbus-common.noarch                                1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbus-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @fedora                                           
dbus-glib.x86_64                                  0.110-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
dbus-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbus-tools.x86_64                                 1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbus-x11.x86_64                                   1:1.12.20-3.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                0.9.3-0.26.20160218.fc34                        @fedora                                           
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                               0.9.3-0.26.20160218.fc34                        @fedora                                           
dcmtk.x86_64                                      3.6.4-10.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dconf.x86_64                                      0.40.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
debhelper.noarch                                  13.3.4-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
deepin-qt-dbus-factory.x86_64                     5.3.35-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
deepin-session-shell.x86_64                       5.3.0.45-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                          2.37-16.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                     2.37-16.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                         2.37-16.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
deltarpm.x86_64                                   3.6.2-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
desktop-backgrounds-basic.noarch                  34.0.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                 34.0.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                  34.0.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                         0.26-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
devedeng.noarch                                   4.16.0-8.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
devhelp.x86_64                                    1:40.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
devhelp-libs.x86_64                               1:40.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
device-mapper.x86_64                              1.02.175-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
device-mapper-event.x86_64                        1.02.175-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                   1.02.175-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                         1.02.175-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64               0.8.5-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64              0.9.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dfu-programmer.x86_64                             0.7.2-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dh-autoreconf.noarch                              20-1.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
dhcp-client.x86_64                                12:4.4.2-11.b1.fc34                             @updates                                          
dhcp-common.noarch                                12:4.4.2-11.b1.fc34                             @updates                                          
dia.x86_64                                        1:0.97.3-17.fc34                                @fedora                                           
dia-CMOS.noarch                                   0.1-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
dia-Digital.noarch                                0.1-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
dia-electric2.noarch                              0.1-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
dia-electronic.noarch                             0.1-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
diffstat.x86_64                                   1.64-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
diffutils.x86_64                                  3.7-8.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                      1.53-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                             3.5.27-28.fc34                                  @updates                                          
dkms.noarch                                       2.8.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                      0.3.0-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dleyna-core.x86_64                                0.6.0-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                            0.6.0-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
dleyna-server.x86_64                              0.6.0-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
dmenu.x86_64                                      5.0-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
dmidecode.x86_64                                  1:3.2-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dmraid.x86_64                                     1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
dmraid-events.x86_64                              1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
dnf.noarch                                        4.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
dnf-data.noarch                                   4.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.0.21-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dnf-utils.noarch                                  4.0.21-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dnfdaemon.noarch                                  0.3.20-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                          0.3.20-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
dnfdragora.noarch                                 2.1.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dnfdragora-updater.noarch                         2.1.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dnsmasq.x86_64                                    2.85-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
docbook-dtds.noarch                               1.0-77.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch                        1.79-31.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                          1.79.2-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
docbook-utils.noarch                              0.6.14-52.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
docker-ce.x86_64                                  3:20.10.7-3.fc34                                @docker-ce-stable                                 
docker-ce-cli.x86_64                              1:20.10.7-3.fc34                                @docker-ce-stable                                 
docker-ce-rootless-extras.x86_64                  20.10.7-3.fc34                                  @docker-ce-stable                                 
docker-scan-plugin.x86_64                         0.8.0-3.fc34                                    @docker-ce-stable                                 
dolphin.x86_64                                    21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
dolphin-libs.x86_64                               21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                            21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
dos2unix.x86_64                                   7.4.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dosfstools.x86_64                                 4.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
dotconf.x86_64                                    1.3-26.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
double-conversion.x86_64                          3.1.5-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
doxygen.x86_64                                    1:1.9.1-9.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
dpkg.x86_64                                       1.20.9-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dpkg-dev.noarch                                   1.20.9-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dpkg-perl.noarch                                  1.20.9-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
dracut.x86_64                                     054-12.git20210521.fc34                         @updates                                          
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                       054-12.git20210521.fc34                         @updates                                          
dracut-live.x86_64                                054-12.git20210521.fc34                         @updates                                          
dracut-network.x86_64                             054-12.git20210521.fc34                         @updates                                          
dracut-squash.x86_64                              054-12.git20210521.fc34                         @updates                                          
drpm.x86_64                                       0.5.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
dtkcore.x86_64                                    5.4.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dtkgui.x86_64                                     5.4.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dtkwidget.x86_64                                  5.4.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dunst.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                               7.1-34.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
dvdauthor.x86_64                                  0.7.2-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
dwz.x86_64                                        0.14-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
dyninst.x86_64                                    10.2.1-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                  1.45.6-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                             1.45.6-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                           0.2.2-20.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-ecf-core.noarch                           3.14.19-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
eclipse-egit.noarch                               5.11.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-emf-core.noarch                           1:2.25.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
eclipse-equinox-osgi.x86_64                       1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-jdt.noarch                                1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-jgit.noarch                               5.11.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-mpc.noarch                                1.9.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
eclipse-p2-discovery.noarch                       1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-pde.x86_64                                1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-platform.x86_64                           1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
eclipse-pydev.x86_64                              1:8.0.0-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
eclipse-swt.x86_64                                1:4.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ed.x86_64                                         1.14.2-10.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ed25519-java.noarch                               0.3.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                          0.12.4-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                  20200801stable-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                         
efi-filesystem.noarch                             5-2.fc34                                        @anaconda                                         
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                            5-2.fc34                                        @fedora                                           
efibootmgr.x86_64                                 16-10.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
efivar-libs.x86_64                                37-15.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
efl.x86_64                                        1.25.1-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
efl-devel.x86_64                                  1.25.1-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
egl-wayland.x86_64                                1.1.7-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
electronics-menu.noarch                           1.0-25.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
elfutils.x86_64                                   0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                 0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64           0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-devel.x86_64                             0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                            0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                      0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
elfutils-libs.x86_64                              0.185-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
emacs.x86_64                                      1:27.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
emacs-common.x86_64                               1:27.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
emacs-filesystem.noarch                           1:27.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
emacs-vregs-mode.noarch                           1.470-24.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
embree.x86_64                                     3.13.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
enchant.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-27.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
enchant2.x86_64                                   2.2.15-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
eog.x86_64                                        40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
eom.x86_64                                        1.24.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
epstool.x86_64                                    3.08-21.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
esmtp.x86_64                                      1.2-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
espeak-ng.x86_64                                  1.50-5.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
espresso-ab.x86_64                                1.0-22.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
ethtool.x86_64                                    2:5.12-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
evince.x86_64                                     40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evince-djvu.x86_64                                40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evince-libs.x86_64                                40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evince-nautilus.x86_64                            40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evince-previewer.x86_64                           40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                         40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
evolution-data-server.x86_64                      3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch            3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
exempi.x86_64                                     2.5.1-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
exfatprogs.x86_64                                 1.1.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
exiv2.x86_64                                      0.27.3-7.fc34                                   @updates                                          
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                 0.27.3-7.fc34                                   @updates                                          
exo.x86_64                                        4.16.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
expat.x86_64                                      2.2.10-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
extra-cmake-modules.noarch                        5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
f34-backgrounds-base.noarch                       34.0.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
f34-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                      34.0.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
faad2-libs.x86_64                                 1:2.9.2-4.fc34                                  @rpmfusion-free                                   
faba-icon-theme.noarch                            4.1.git+1464555711.d0ea1e6-6.2                  @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:user501254:Arc    
fakeroot.x86_64                                   1.25.3-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                              1.25.3-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
farstream02.x86_64                                0.2.9-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                               2.0.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                           28-9.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                     1.1-11.fc34                                     @updates                                          
fedora-easy-karma.noarch                          0-0.47.20210526gitfa76ab7.fc34                  @updates                                          
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                            34-2                                            @updates                                          
fedora-logos.noarch                               34.0.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                         34.0.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
fedora-packager.noarch                            0.6.0.6-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
fedora-packager-yubikey.noarch                    0.6.0.6-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
fedora-release-common.noarch                      34-1                                            @anaconda                                         
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch        34-1                                            @anaconda                                         
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                 34-1                                            @anaconda                                         
fedora-repos.noarch                               34-2                                            @updates                                          
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                       34-2                                            @updates                                          
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch             1.1-9.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch            32-5.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
fedpkg.noarch                                     1.40-6.fc34                                     @updates                                          
fedy.noarch                                       5.0.11-1.fc34                                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:kwizart:fedy      
feh.x86_64                                        3.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
felix-gogo-command.noarch                         1.1.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
felix-gogo-runtime.noarch                         1.1.4-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
felix-gogo-shell.noarch                           1.1.4-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
felix-scr.noarch                                  2.1.16-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ffmpeg.x86_64                                     4.4-2.fc34                                      @rpmfusion-free                                   
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                4.4-2.fc34                                      @rpmfusion-free                                   
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                           3.3.8-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                           3.3.8-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
file.x86_64                                       5.39-5.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
file-libs.x86_64                                  5.39-5.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
file-roller.x86_64                                3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
filesystem.x86_64                                 3.14-5.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
findutils.x86_64                                  1:4.8.0-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
firefox.x86_64                                    88.0.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
firewall-config.noarch                            0.9.3-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
firewalld.noarch                                  0.9.3-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                       0.9.3-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
flac-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.3-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
flac-libs.x86_64                                  1.3.3-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
flash-player-ppapi.x86_64                         32.0.0.465-release                              @adobe-linux-x86_64                               
flash-plugin.x86_64                               32.0.0.465-release                              @adobe-linux-x86_64                               
flashrom.x86_64                                   1.2-6.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
flatpak.x86_64                                    1.10.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
flatpak-libs.x86_64                               1.10.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
flatpak-selinux.noarch                            1.10.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                     1.10.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
flex.x86_64                                       2.6.4-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
flexiblas.x86_64                                  3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
flexiblas-devel.x86_64                            3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                           3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                         3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                  3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                3.0.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
flterm.x86_64                                     1.2-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
fltk.x86_64                                       1.3.5-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                            2.1.8-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
fmt.x86_64                                        7.1.3-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
folks.x86_64                                      1:0.15.2-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                          1:4.7.0-11.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
fontawesome-fonts-web.noarch                      1:4.7.0-11.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
fontconfig.x86_64                                 2.13.93-6.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                           2.13.93-6.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
fontconfig-enhanced-defaults.noarch               2.0-1.fc34                                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
fontconfig-font-replacements.noarch               0.6-2.fc34                                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
fonts-filesystem.noarch                           1:2.0.5-5.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                          1:2.0.5-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
foomatic.x86_64                                   4.0.13-17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
foomatic-db.noarch                                4.0-70.20210209.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                     4.0-70.20210209.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                           4.0-70.20210209.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
fpaste.noarch                                     0.4.2.0-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.3-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
fprintd.x86_64                                    1.90.9-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                1.90.9-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
freeDiameter.x86_64                               1.5.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
freeglut.x86_64                                   3.2.1-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
freeipmi.x86_64                                   1.6.8-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
freerdp-libs.x86_64                               2:2.3.2-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
freetype.x86_64                                   2.10.4-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
freetype-devel.x86_64                             2.10.4-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
freexl.x86_64                                     1.0.6-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                             1.7.0-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
fribidi.x86_64                                    1.0.10-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
fribidi-devel.x86_64                              1.0.10-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
fritzing.x86_64                                   0.9.6-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
fritzing-parts.noarch                             0.9.6-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
fros.noarch                                       1.1-25.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
fros-gnome.noarch                                 1.1-25.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
fstrm.x86_64                                      0.6.1-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
fuse.x86_64                                       2.9.9-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
fuse-common.x86_64                                3.10.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
fuse-libs.x86_64                                  2.9.9-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                             1.5.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse3.x86_64                                      3.10.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                 3.10.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
fwupd.x86_64                                      1.5.9-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                      1.5.9-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                 1.5.9-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64             1.5.9-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
game-music-emu.x86_64                             0.6.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gamemode.x86_64                                   1.6-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
gavl.x86_64                                       1.4.0-18.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gawk.x86_64                                       5.1.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                         5.1.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gc.x86_64                                         8.0.4-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gcc.x86_64                                        11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gcc-c++.x86_64                                    11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                             11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                               11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gcr.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gcr-base.x86_64                                   3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gcr-devel.x86_64                                  3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gd.x86_64                                         2.3.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gd-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gdal-libs.x86_64                                  3.2.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gdb.x86_64                                        10.2-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gdb-headless.x86_64                               10.2-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.19-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gdcm.x86_64                                       3.0.8-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gdisk.x86_64                                      1.0.7-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                2.42.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                          2.42.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                        2.42.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                           2.40.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gdm.x86_64                                        1:40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                      10.24-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
geary.x86_64                                      40.0-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gecode.x86_64                                     6.2.0-7.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gedit.x86_64                                      2:40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gegl04.x86_64                                     0.4.30-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
genisoimage.x86_64                                1.1.11-47.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
geoclue2.x86_64                                   2.5.7-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                              2.5.7-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
geocode-glib.x86_64                               3.26.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                         3.26.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
geolite2-city.noarch                              20191217-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
geolite2-country.noarch                           20191217-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
geos.x86_64                                       3.9.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gerbv.x86_64                                      2.7.0-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gettext.x86_64                                    0.21-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gettext-common-devel.noarch                       0.21-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gettext-devel.x86_64                              0.21-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gettext-libs.x86_64                               0.21-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gfbgraph.x86_64                                   0.2.3-13.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ghc-Cabal.x86_64                                  3.0.1.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-array.x86_64                                  0.5.4.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-array-devel.x86_64                            0.5.4.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-base.x86_64                                   4.13.0.0-109.fc34                               @fedora                                           
ghc-base-devel.x86_64                             4.13.0.0-109.fc34                               @fedora                                           
ghc-binary.x86_64                                 0.8.7.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-bytestring.x86_64                             0.10.10.1-109.fc34                              @fedora                                           
ghc-bytestring-devel.x86_64                       0.10.10.1-109.fc34                              @fedora                                           
ghc-chalmers-lava2000.x86_64                      1.6.1-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ghc-chalmers-lava2000-devel.x86_64                1.6.1-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ghc-compiler.x86_64                               8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-containers.x86_64                             0.6.2.1-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-deepseq.x86_64                                1.4.4.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-deepseq-devel.x86_64                          1.4.4.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-directory.x86_64                              1.3.6.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-directory-devel.x86_64                        1.3.6.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-filepath.x86_64                               1.4.2.1-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-filepath-devel.x86_64                         1.4.2.1-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-ghc.x86_64                                    8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-ghc-boot.x86_64                               8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-ghc-boot-th.x86_64                            8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-ghc-heap.x86_64                               8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-ghci.x86_64                                   8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-haskeline.x86_64                              0.7.5.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-hpc.x86_64                                    0.6.0.3-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-libiserv.x86_64                               8.8.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-mtl.x86_64                                    2.2.2-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-parsec.x86_64                                 3.1.14.0-109.fc34                               @fedora                                           
ghc-pretty.x86_64                                 1.1.3.6-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-process.x86_64                                1.6.9.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-process-devel.x86_64                          1.6.9.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-random.x86_64                                 1.1-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
ghc-random-devel.x86_64                           1.1-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.5.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
ghc-stm.x86_64                                    2.5.0.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-template-haskell.x86_64                       2.15.0.0-109.fc34                               @fedora                                           
ghc-terminfo.x86_64                               0.4.1.4-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-text.x86_64                                   1.2.4.0-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-time.x86_64                                   1.9.3-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-time-devel.x86_64                             1.9.3-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ghc-transformers.x86_64                           0.5.6.2-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-unix.x86_64                                   2.7.2.2-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-unix-devel.x86_64                             2.7.2.2-109.fc34                                @fedora                                           
ghc-xhtml.x86_64                                  3000.2.2.1-109.fc34                             @fedora                                           
ghdl.x86_64                                       0.38~dev-11.20201208git83dfd49.fc34             @fedora                                           
ghdl-grt.x86_64                                   0.38~dev-11.20201208git83dfd49.fc34             @fedora                                           
ghostscript.x86_64                                9.53.3-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
giflib.x86_64                                     5.2.1-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
giflib-devel.x86_64                               5.2.1-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gimp.x86_64                                       2:2.10.24-1.fc34                                @fedora                                           
gimp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.10.24-1.fc34                                @fedora                                           
git.x86_64                                        2.31.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
git-core.x86_64                                   2.31.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
git-core-doc.noarch                               2.31.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gjs.x86_64                                        1.68.1-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gl-manpages.noarch                                1.1-22.20190306.fc34                            @fedora                                           
gl2ps.x86_64                                      1.4.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
glib-networking.x86_64                            2.68.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
glib2.x86_64                                      2.68.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
glib2-devel.x86_64                                2.68.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
glib2-doc.noarch                                  2.68.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
glibc.i686                                        2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc.x86_64                                      2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                        2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-common.x86_64                               2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-devel.x86_64                                2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-doc.noarch                                  2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                          2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                          2.33-14.fc34                                    @updates                                          
glibmm24.x86_64                                   2.66.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
glpk.x86_64                                       5.0-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
glusterfs.x86_64                                  9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                              9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                   9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                             9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
glx-utils.x86_64                                  8.4.0-9.20181118git1830dcb.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
gmime30.x86_64                                    3.2.7-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gmp.x86_64                                        1:6.2.0-6.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
gmp-c++.x86_64                                    1:6.2.0-6.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gmp-devel.x86_64                                  1:6.2.0-6.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                           4-13.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                 1.3.6-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gnome-autoar.x86_64                               0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                          40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                            1:3.34.5-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                       1:3.34.5-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-calculator.x86_64                           40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-calendar.x86_64                             40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-characters.x86_64                           40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-classic-session.noarch                      40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-clocks.x86_64                               40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                        3.36.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-common.noarch                               3.18.0-11.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnome-contacts.x86_64                             40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-control-center.x86_64                       40.0-9.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch            40.0-9.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                             40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                       40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-devel-docs.noarch                           40.0-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                         40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                          40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                           3.12.0-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                        40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-keyring.x86_64                              40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                          40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-logs.x86_64                                 3.36.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-maps.x86_64                                 40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-menus.x86_64                                3.36.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                      3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                        3.34.0-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-photos.x86_64                               40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                       40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                           40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-session.x86_64                              40.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64              40.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                     40.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                      40.0.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-shell.x86_64                                40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch            40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch      40.0~rc-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch               40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch  40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch          40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch           40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch          40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-software.x86_64                             40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                       40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-terminal.x86_64                             3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                    3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                         3.28-12.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gnome-tour.x86_64                                 40.0-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-tweaks.noarch                               40.0-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gnome-user-docs.noarch                            40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
gnome-user-share.x86_64                           3.34.0-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                 2.24.4-35.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                          2.24.4-35.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnome-video-effects.noarch                        0.5.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gnome-weather.noarch                              40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gnucap.x86_64                                     0.35-33.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gnupg2.x86_64                                     2.2.27-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                               2.2.27-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gnuplot.x86_64                                    5.2.8-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gnuplot-common.x86_64                             5.2.8-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gnuradio.x86_64                                   3.9.0.0-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gnusim8085.x86_64                                 1.4.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gnutls.x86_64                                     3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                 3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gnutls-devel.x86_64                               3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gnutls-utils.x86_64                               3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
go-srpm-macros.noarch                             3.0.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gobject-introspection.x86_64                      1.68.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                1.68.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gom.x86_64                                        0.4-4.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
google-arimo-fonts.noarch                         1.31.0-10.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                       1.103-0.16.20130920.fc34                        @anaconda                                         
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                       91.0.4472.77-1                                  @google-chrome                                    
google-cousine-fonts.noarch                       1.31.0-10.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                    20200215-9.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch               20200215-9.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
google-gson.noarch                                2.8.6-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch               20201206-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch              20200916-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                   20201206-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch             20201206-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                     20201206-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch            20201206-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch          20201206-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                    20201206-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
google-roboto-fonts.noarch                        2.138-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
google-tinos-fonts.noarch                         1.31.0-10.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
google-webdesigner.x86_64                         8.2.0.0-1                                       @@commandline                                     
gparted.x86_64                                    1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gpgme.x86_64                                      1.15.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gpgme-devel.x86_64                                1.15.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gpgmepp.x86_64                                    1.15.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gpm-libs.x86_64                                   1.20.7-26.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gpsim.x86_64                                      0.31.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gputils.x86_64                                    1.5.0-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gr-iqbal.x86_64                                   0.38.2-1.20210210gitfbee239a.fc34               @fedora                                           
gr-osmosdr.x86_64                                 0.2.3-4.20210217gita100eb02.fc34                @updates                                          
granite.x86_64                                    6.0.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
grantlee-qt5.x86_64                               5.2.0-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
graphene.x86_64                                   1.10.6-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
graphite2.x86_64                                  1.3.14-7.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
graphite2-devel.x86_64                            1.3.14-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
graphviz.x86_64                                   2.44.0-18.fc34                                  @updates                                          
grep.x86_64                                       3.6-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
grilo.x86_64                                      0.3.13-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
grilo-plugins.x86_64                              0.3.13-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
groff-base.x86_64                                 1.22.4-7.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
grub2-common.noarch                               1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                             1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                      1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                              1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                       1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-pc.x86_64                                   1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                           1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-tools.x86_64                                1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                            1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                          1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                        1:2.06~rc1-4.fc34                               @updates                                          
grubby.x86_64                                     8.40-51.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                  40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64            40.0-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gsettings-qt.x86_64                               0-0.23.20180723bzr85.fc34                       @fedora                                           
gsim85.x86_64                                     0.3-26.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
gsl.x86_64                                        2.6-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
gsm.x86_64                                        1.0.19-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gsound.x86_64                                     1.0.2-13.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
gspell.x86_64                                     1.9.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gssdp.x86_64                                      1.2.3-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gssproxy.x86_64                                   0.8.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gst-editing-services.x86_64                       1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1.x86_64                                 1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                           1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-libav.x86_64                           1.18.4-2.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                 1.18.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora-cisco-openh264                            
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-extras.x86_64         1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64           1.18.4-3.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                    1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                    1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                 1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                    1.18.4-1.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64               1.19.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gtk-doc.x86_64                                    1.33.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                         0.98.2-21.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                      3.24.29-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                   1.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gtk2.x86_64                                       2.24.33-4.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                 2.24.33-4.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtk2-engines.x86_64                               2.20.2-22.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                          2.24.33-4.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtk3.x86_64                                       3.24.29-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                 3.24.29-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gtk3-devel-docs.x86_64                            3.24.29-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                          3.24.29-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gtk4.x86_64                                       4.2.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
gtkglext-libs.x86_64                              1.2.0-39.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gtkmm30.x86_64                                    3.24.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gtksourceview3.x86_64                             3.24.11-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtksourceview4.x86_64                             4.8.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gtksourceviewmm3.x86_64                           3.18.0-12.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtkspell.x86_64                                   2.0.16-23.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
gtkspell3.x86_64                                  3.0.10-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
gtkterm.x86_64                                    1.0-0.8.git7b4076d.fc34                         @fedora                                           
gtkwave.x86_64                                    3.3.108-3.fc34                                  @updates                                          
gts.x86_64                                        0.7.6-39.20121130.fc34                          @fedora                                           
guava.noarch                                      25.0-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
gucharmap.x86_64                                  13.0.8-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gucharmap-libs.x86_64                             13.0.8-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
guile.x86_64                                      5:2.0.14-24.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
guile22.x86_64                                    2.2.7-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gupnp.x86_64                                      1.2.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gupnp-av.x86_64                                   0.12.11-5.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                 0.10.5-14.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                  1.2.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gutenprint.x86_64                                 5.3.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                            5.3.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                            5.3.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gvfs.x86_64                                       1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-archive.x86_64                               1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-client.x86_64                                1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                  1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                               1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-nfs.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                   1.48.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
gvnc.x86_64                                       1.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
gzip.x86_64                                       1.10-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
hackrf.x86_64                                     2018.01.1-9.fc34                                @fedora                                           
hamcrest-core.noarch                              1.3-31.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
haproxy.x86_64                                    2.3.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
harfbuzz.x86_64                                   2.7.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                             2.7.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                               2.7.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                            1.17-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
hct.noarch                                        0.7.60-30.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
hddtemp.x86_64                                    0.3-0.47.beta15.fc34                            @fedora                                           
hdf-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.15-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
hdf5.x86_64                                       1.10.6-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
herqq.x86_64                                      1.0.0-24.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
hexchat.x86_64                                    2.14.3-15.fc34                                  @updates                                          
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                              540.1.linux3-23.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                         0.17-10.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
hidapi.x86_64                                     0.10.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                    3.28-12.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
hiredis.x86_64                                    0.13.3-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
hostname.x86_64                                   3.23-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
hplip.x86_64                                      3.21.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
hplip-common.x86_64                               3.21.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
hplip-libs.x86_64                                 3.21.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                           1:1.001-4.20200428git336a529.fc34               @anaconda                                         
htop.x86_64                                       3.0.5-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
http-parser.x86_64                                2.9.4-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
httpcomponents-client.noarch                      4.5.10-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
httpcomponents-core.noarch                        4.4.12-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
httpd.x86_64                                      2.4.46-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
httpd-filesystem.noarch                           2.4.46-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
httpd-manual.noarch                               2.4.46-10.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
httpd-tools.x86_64                                2.4.46-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
hunspell.x86_64                                   1.7.0-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en.noarch                                0.20140811.1-18.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                             0.20140811.1-18.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en-US.noarch                             0.20140811.1-18.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                        1.7.0-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
hwdata.noarch                                     0.348-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                             0-0.34.20190303git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                     0-0.34.20190303git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                               0-0.34.20190303git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                 0-0.34.20190303git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
hypervvssd.x86_64                                 0-0.34.20190303git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
hyphen.x86_64                                     2.8.8-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
hyphen-en.noarch                                  2.8.8-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
i3-gaps.x86_64                                    4.19.1-1.fc34                                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:nforro:i3-gaps    
i3blocks.x86_64                                   1.5-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
i3lock.x86_64                                     2.13-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
i3status.x86_64                                   2.13-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
i3status-rs.x86_64                                0.13.1-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ibus.x86_64                                       1.5.24-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                 1.5.12-7.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                          1.5.12-7.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-cangjie.noarch                               2.4-22.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
ibus-cangjie-engine-cangjie.noarch                2.4-22.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                  1.5.24-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                  1.5.24-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                1.5.4-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                             1.12.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ibus-libs.x86_64                                  1.5.24-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                             1.10.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                  1.4.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
ibus-qt.x86_64                                    1.3.3-30.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-setup.noarch                                 1.5.24-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                        2.11.4-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
icaro.noarch                                      2.0-8.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
icedax.x86_64                                     1.1.11-47.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
icestorm.x86_64                                   0-0.15.20200806gitd123087.fc34                  @fedora                                           
icu4j.noarch                                      1:68.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                           3.0-3.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
im-chooser.x86_64                                 1.7.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
im-chooser-common.x86_64                          1.7.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                              1.3.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
imlib2.x86_64                                     1.6.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
impallari-libre-baskerville-fonts.noarch          1.000-1.20201102git2fba7c8.fc34                 @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
imsettings.x86_64                                 1.8.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
imsettings-cinnamon.x86_64                        1.8.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                       1.8.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
imsettings-libs.x86_64                            1.8.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
imsettings-qt.x86_64                              1.8.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
indent.x86_64                                     2.2.12-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
info.x86_64                                       6.7-10.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
inih.x86_64                                       49-3.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
initial-setup.x86_64                              0.3.90-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                          0.3.90-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
initscripts.x86_64                                10.09-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
inkscape.x86_64                                   1.1-3.fc34                                      @updates                                          
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                               21.1.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                             21.1.3-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
intltool.noarch                                   0.51.0-18.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
inxi.noarch                                       3.3.03-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
iodine-client.x86_64                              0.7.0-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
ipcalc.x86_64                                     1.0.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
ipmitool.x86_64                                   1.8.18-21.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
iproute.x86_64                                    5.10.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
iproute-tc.x86_64                                 5.10.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ipset.x86_64                                      7.11-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ipset-libs.x86_64                                 7.11-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
iptables-compat.x86_64                            1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptables-legacy.x86_64                            1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptables-legacy-libs.x86_64                       1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptables-libs.x86_64                              1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptables-nft.x86_64                               1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptables-utils.x86_64                             1.8.7-8.fc34                                    @updates                                          
iptstate.x86_64                                   2.2.6-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
iputils.x86_64                                    20210202-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                           1.3-28.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                           3.1-21.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                             20200823-2.git4bd064de.fc34                     @anaconda                                         
irqbalance.x86_64                                 2:1.7.0-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
irsim.x86_64                                      9.7.104-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                      6.2.1.2-5.gita8fcb37.fc34                       @anaconda                                         
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64             6.2.1.2-5.gita8fcb37.fc34                       @anaconda                                         
isl.x86_64                                        0.16.1-13.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                            0.100-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
iso-codes.noarch                                  4.6.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
iso-codes-devel.noarch                            4.6.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
isomd5sum.x86_64                                  1:1.2.3-12.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
itcl.x86_64                                       4.1.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
itstool.noarch                                    2.0.6-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
iverilog.x86_64                                   11.0-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
iw.x86_64                                         5.9-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
iwl100-firmware.noarch                            39.31.5.1-120.fc34                              @updates                                          
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                           1:39.31.5.1-120.fc34                            @updates                                          
iwl105-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl135-firmware.noarch                            18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                           1:25.30.13.0-120.fc34                           @updates                                          
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                           15.32.2.9-120.fc34                              @updates                                          
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                           228.61.2.24-120.fc34                            @updates                                          
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                           8.83.5.1_1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                           8.24.2.2-120.fc34                               @updates                                          
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                           9.221.4.1-120.fc34                              @updates                                          
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                           41.28.5.1-120.fc34                              @updates                                          
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                           1:25.30.13.0-120.fc34                           @updates                                          
jackson-annotations.noarch                        2.11.4-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jackson-core.noarch                               2.11.4-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jackson-databind.noarch                           2.11.4-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jacop.noarch                                      4.8-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
jakarta-activation.noarch                         1.2.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-annotations.noarch                        1.3.5-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-commons-httpclient.noarch                 1:3.1-37.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jakarta-el.noarch                                 4.0.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-el-api.noarch                             4.0.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-mail.noarch                               1.6.5-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-oro.noarch                                2.0.8-31.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jakarta-server-pages.noarch                       2.3.6-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-server-pages-api.noarch                   2.3.6-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jakarta-servlet.noarch                            5.0.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jansi-native.x86_64                               1.8-6.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
jansi1.noarch                                     1.18-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
jansson.x86_64                                    2.13.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
jasper-libs.x86_64                                2.0.28-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                            1:11.0.11.0.9-2.fc34                            @updates                                          
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                      1:11.0.11.0.9-2.fc34                            @updates                                          
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:11.0.11.0.9-2.fc34                            @updates                                          
javaewah.noarch                                   1.1.6-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                    5.3.0-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
javapackages-tools.noarch                         5.3.0-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jaxb-api.noarch                                   2.3.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                              0.19-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                               2.1-21.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
jctools.noarch                                    3.2.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jdepend.noarch                                    2.9.1-25.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jemalloc.x86_64                                   5.2.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jetty-continuation.noarch                         9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-http.noarch                                 9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-io.noarch                                   9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-security.noarch                             9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-server.noarch                               9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-servlet.noarch                              9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-util.noarch                                 9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jetty-util-ajax.noarch                            9.4.40-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
jffi.x86_64                                       1.2.23-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jffi-native.x86_64                                1.2.23-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jgit.noarch                                       5.11.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jgmenu.x86_64                                     4.3.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jimtcl.x86_64                                     0.78-8.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
jline-builtins.noarch                             3.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jline-reader.noarch                               3.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jline-style.noarch                                3.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jline-terminal.noarch                             3.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jline-terminal-jna.noarch                         3.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jline2.noarch                                     2.14.6-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jmdns.noarch                                      3.5.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jna.x86_64                                        5.6.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jna-contrib.noarch                                5.6.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jnr-constants.noarch                              0.9.12-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jnr-ffi.noarch                                    2.1.8-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jnr-netdb.noarch                                  1.1.6-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jnr-posix.noarch                                  3.0.47-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jnr-x86asm.noarch                                 1.0.2-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                            0.003-32.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
jq.x86_64                                         1.6-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
js-backbone.noarch                                1.3.3-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
js-jquery.noarch                                  3.5.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
js-marked.noarch                                  2.0.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
js-underscore.noarch                              1.12.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jsch.noarch                                       0.1.55-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jsemver.noarch                                    0.9.0-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
json-c.x86_64                                     0.14-8.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
json-glib.x86_64                                  1.6.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
json-glib-devel.x86_64                            1.6.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jsoncpp.x86_64                                    1.9.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jsr-305.noarch                                    0-0.31.20130910svn.fc34                         @fedora                                           
jssc.x86_64                                       2.8.0-19.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
julia.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
julia-common.noarch                               1.6.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
julietaula-montserrat-base-web-fonts.noarch       1:7.210-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                1:7.210-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
julietaula-montserrat-fonts-common.noarch         1:7.210-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
junit.noarch                                      1:4.13-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
junit5.noarch                                     5.7.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
juniversalchardet.noarch                          2.4.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
jwhois.x86_64                                     4.0-64.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
jython.noarch                                     2.7.1-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
jzlib.noarch                                      1.1.3-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
kapptemplate.x86_64                               20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kasumi-common.noarch                              2.5-34.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                             2.5-34.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
kate.x86_64                                       21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
kate-plugins.x86_64                               21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
kate4-part.x86_64                                 4.14.3-28.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kbd.x86_64                                        2.4.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
kbd-misc.noarch                                   2.4.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
kcachegrind.x86_64                                20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kde-apps-rpm-macros.noarch                        6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kde-dev-scripts.noarch                            20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kde-dev-utils-common.noarch                       20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kde-filesystem.x86_64                             4-65.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
kde-l10n.noarch                                   17.08.3-10.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kde-platform-plugin.x86_64                        1:4.11.22-31.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kde-settings.noarch                               34.5-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
kde-style-breeze.x86_64                           1:5.18.5-3.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kde-workspace-common.noarch                       1:4.11.22-31.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdecoration.x86_64                                5.21.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kdelibs.x86_64                                    6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdelibs-common.x86_64                             6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdelibs-devel.x86_64                              6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdelibs-ktexteditor.x86_64                        6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdelibs-webkit.x86_64                             6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdelibs-webkit-devel.x86_64                       6:4.14.38-26.fc34                               @fedora                                           
kdepimlibs.x86_64                                 4.14.10-37.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kdepimlibs-akonadi.x86_64                         4.14.10-37.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kdepimlibs-devel.x86_64                           4.14.10-37.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kdepimlibs-gpgme.x86_64                           4.14.10-37.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kdepimlibs-kxmlrpcclient.x86_64                   4.14.10-37.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
kdesdk-kioslaves.x86_64                           20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kdesdk-thumbnailers.x86_64                        20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kdevelop.x86_64                                   9:5.6.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kdevelop-libs.x86_64                              9:5.6.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kdsoap.x86_64                                     1.10.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                       006-2.20201128git4ba507e.fc34                   @anaconda                                         
keditbookmarks.x86_64                             21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                        21.04.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                     5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                     5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                     5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                         5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                         5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                         5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                               5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-headers.x86_64                             5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                             5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.12.7-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.12.8-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                       5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.0-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
kexec-tools.x86_64                                2.0.21-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
keybinder3.x86_64                                 0.3.2-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
keyutils.x86_64                                   1.6.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
keyutils-libs.x86_64                              1.6.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                        1.6.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
kf5-attica.x86_64                                 5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                      5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-karchive.x86_64                               5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                  5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                               5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                         5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                 5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kded.x86_64                                   5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdelibs4support.x86_64                        5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.x86_64                   5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdesu.x86_64                                  5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                 5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                              5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                          5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                      5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                  5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kidletime.x86_64                              5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                  5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                               5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                          5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                       5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                               5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                            5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                       5.82.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                              5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                         5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-knotifyconfig.x86_64                          5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                               5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                 5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                   5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-krunner.x86_64                                5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kservice.x86_64                               5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-ktexteditor.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                               5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                         5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                          5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-plasma.x86_64                                 5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-rpm-macros.noarch                             5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-solid.x86_64                                  5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                            5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                              5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                    5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                           5.82.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                      5.0-32.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
kicad.x86_64                                      1:5.1.10-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
kio-extras.x86_64                                 20.12.2-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kio-fuse.x86_64                                   5.0.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
kmod.x86_64                                       29-2.fc34                                       @updates                                          
kmod-libs.x86_64                                  29-2.fc34                                       @updates                                          
kmod-nvidia-5.12.7-300.fc34.x86_64.x86_64         3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @@commandline                                     
kmod-nvidia-5.12.8-300.fc34.x86_64.x86_64         3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @@commandline                                     
kmod-nvidia-5.12.9-300.fc34.x86_64.x86_64         3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @@commandline                                     
kmodtool.noarch                                   1-42.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
koji.noarch                                       1.25.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
komika-text-fonts.noarch                          2.0-1.fc34                                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
kompare.x86_64                                    20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kompare-libs.x86_64                               20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
konsole5.x86_64                                   21.04.1-2.fc34                                  @updates                                          
konsole5-part.x86_64                              21.04.1-2.fc34                                  @updates                                          
kpartloader.x86_64                                20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kpartx.x86_64                                     0.8.5-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
krb5-devel.x86_64                                 1.19.1-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
krb5-libs.x86_64                                  1.19.1-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                1.19.1-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
krb5-workstation.x86_64                           1.19.1-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kscreenlocker.x86_64                              5.21.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ktechlab.x86_64                                   0.40.1-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
kuiviewer.x86_64                                  20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
kuserfeedback.x86_64                              1.0.0-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
kwayland-server.x86_64                            5.21.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kwin-common.x86_64                                5.21.5-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kwin-libs.x86_64                                  5.21.5-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
kwin-x11.x86_64                                   5.21.5-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ladspa.x86_64                                     1.13-26.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lame-libs.x86_64                                  3.100-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
langpacks-core-en.noarch                          3.0-14.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                     3.0-14.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
langpacks-en.noarch                               3.0-14.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
langtable.noarch                                  0.0.54-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
lasi.x86_64                                       1.1.3-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lato-fonts.noarch                                 2.015-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lcms2.x86_64                                      2.12-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ldns.x86_64                                       1.7.1-4.fc34                                    @updates                                          
leptonica.x86_64                                  1.80.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
leptonica-devel.x86_64                            1.80.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
less.x86_64                                       581.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
levmar.x86_64                                     2.6-7.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
lib3ds.x86_64                                     1.3.0-34.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lib3mf.x86_64                                     2.0.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libFAudio.x86_64                                  21.03.05-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libGLEW.x86_64                                    2.1.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libICE.x86_64                                     1.0.10-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libICE-devel.x86_64                               1.0.10-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libIDL.x86_64                                     0.8.14-24.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libRmath.x86_64                                   4.0.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libSM.x86_64                                      1.2.3-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libSM-devel.x86_64                                1.2.3-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libX11.x86_64                                     1.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libX11-common.noarch                              1.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libX11-devel.x86_64                               1.7.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                 1.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                              1.2.3-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                        1.2.3-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXau.x86_64                                     1.0.9-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXau-devel.x86_64                               1.0.9-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXaw.x86_64                                     1.0.13-17.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libXaw-devel.x86_64                               1.0.13-17.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libXcomposite.x86_64                              0.4.5-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                        0.4.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXcursor.x86_64                                 1.2.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                           1.2.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXdamage.x86_64                                 1.1.5-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                           1.1.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXdmcp.x86_64                                   1.1.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXdmcp-devel.x86_64                             1.1.3-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXext.x86_64                                    1.3.4-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXext-devel.x86_64                              1.3.4-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXfixes.x86_64                                  5.0.3-14.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                            5.0.3-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXfont.x86_64                                   1.5.4-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXfont-devel.x86_64                             1.5.4-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXfont2.x86_64                                  2.0.3-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXft.x86_64                                     2.3.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXft-devel.x86_64                               2.3.3-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXi.x86_64                                      1.7.10-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXi-devel.x86_64                                1.7.10-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXinerama.x86_64                                1.1.4-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                          1.1.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXmu.x86_64                                     1.1.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXmu-devel.x86_64                               1.1.3-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXp.x86_64                                      1.0.3-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXpm.x86_64                                     3.5.13-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXpm-devel.x86_64                               3.5.13-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXpresent.x86_64                                1.0.0-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXrandr.x86_64                                  1.5.2-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                            1.5.2-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXrender.x86_64                                 0.9.10-14.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libXrender-devel.x86_64                           0.9.10-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libXres.x86_64                                    1.2.0-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXres-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXt.x86_64                                      1.2.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXt-devel.x86_64                                1.2.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXtst.x86_64                                    1.2.3-14.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXtst-devel.x86_64                              1.2.3-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXv.x86_64                                      1.0.11-14.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libXv-devel.x86_64                                1.0.11-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libXvMC.x86_64                                    1.0.12-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXvMC-devel.x86_64                              1.0.12-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                1.1.5-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                          1.1.5-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                 1.1.4-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                           1.1.4-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
liba52.x86_64                                     0.7.4-40.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libabw.x86_64                                     0.1.3-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libacl.x86_64                                     2.3.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libacl-devel.x86_64                               2.3.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                             1.2.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libaec.x86_64                                     1.0.4-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libaio.x86_64                                     0.3.111-11.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
libao.x86_64                                      1.2.0-20.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libaom.x86_64                                     2.0.1-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libappindicator.x86_64                            12.10.0-30.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                       12.10.0-30.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libappstream-glib.x86_64                          0.7.18-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libarchive.x86_64                                 3.5.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libarcus.x86_64                                   4.8.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libargon2.x86_64                                  20171227-6.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                2.3.21-25.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libass.x86_64                                     0.14.0-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libassuan.x86_64                                  2.5.5-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libassuan-devel.x86_64                            2.5.5-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libasyncns.x86_64                                 0.8-20.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libatasmart.x86_64                                0.19-20.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libattr.x86_64                                    2.5.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libattr-devel.x86_64                              2.5.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libavc1394.x86_64                                 0.5.4-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libavdevice.x86_64                                4.4-2.fc34                                      @rpmfusion-free                                   
libavif.x86_64                                    0.9.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libavif-devel.x86_64                              0.9.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libbabeltrace.x86_64                              1.5.8-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libbasicobjects.x86_64                            0.1.1-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libblkid.x86_64                                   2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libblkid-devel.x86_64                             2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libblockdev.x86_64                                2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                          2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                         2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                             2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                             2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                            2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                           2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                            2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                         2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                          2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                         2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-part.x86_64                           2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                    2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                           2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                          2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libbluray.x86_64                                  1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libbonobo.x86_64                                  2.32.1-20.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libbonoboui.x86_64                                2.24.5-20.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libbpf.x86_64                                     2:0.3.0-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libbrotli.x86_64                                  1.0.9-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libbs2b.x86_64                                    3.1.0-26.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libbsd.x86_64                                     0.10.0-7.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libburn.x86_64                                    1.5.4-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libbytesize.x86_64                                2.5-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libcaca.x86_64                                    0.99-0.53.beta19.fc34                           @fedora                                           
libcacard.x86_64                                  3:2.8.0-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libcanberra.x86_64                                0.30-24.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                          0.30-24.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                           0.30-24.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                           0.30-24.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcangjie.x86_64                                 1.3-15.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libcangjie-data.noarch                            1.3-15.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libcap.x86_64                                     2.48-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libcap-devel.x86_64                               2.48-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libcap-ng.x86_64                                  0.8.2-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcbor.x86_64                                    0.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcddb.x86_64                                    1.3.2-34.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libcdio.x86_64                                    2.1.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                           10.2+2.0.1-4.fc34                               @anaconda                                         
libcdr.x86_64                                     0.1.7-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcerf.x86_64                                    1.14-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libcgroup.x86_64                                  0.42.2-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libchamplain.x86_64                               0.12.20-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                           0.12.20-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libchromaprint.x86_64                             1.5.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libcloudproviders.x86_64                          0.3.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                    0.3.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libcmis.x86_64                                    0.5.2-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libcollection.x86_64                              0.7.0-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libcom_err.x86_64                                 1.45.6-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                           1.45.6-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.15-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libconfig.x86_64                                  1.7.2-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libconfuse.x86_64                                 3.3-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libcudnn7.x86_64                                  7.6.5.33-1.cuda10.2                             @nvidia-machine-learning                          
libcudnn7-devel.x86_64                            7.6.5.33-1.cuda10.2                             @nvidia-machine-learning                          
libcue.x86_64                                     2.2.1-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libcurl.x86_64                                    7.76.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libcurl-devel.x86_64                              7.76.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libdaemon.x86_64                                  0.14-21.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libdap.x86_64                                     3.20.6-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libdatrie.x86_64                                  0.2.13-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                            0.2.13-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libdav1d.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libdazzle.x86_64                                  3.40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdb.x86_64                                      5.3.28-46.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libdb-devel.x86_64                                5.3.28-46.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                16.04.0-17.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                           16.04.0-17.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                           16.04.0-17.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libdc1394.x86_64                                  2.2.6-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libdca.x86_64                                     0.0.7-3.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free                                   
libde265.x86_64                                   1.0.8-3.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                   0.5.0-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdmapsharing.x86_64                             2.9.41-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdmtx.x86_64                                    0.7.5-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libdmx.x86_64                                     1.1.4-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdmx-devel.x86_64                               1.1.4-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libdnf.x86_64                                     0.62.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libdrm.x86_64                                     2.4.105-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libdrm-devel.x86_64                               2.4.105-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libdv.x86_64                                      1.0.0-33.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                  1.3.3-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libdvdcss.x86_64                                  1.4.3-1.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free-tainted                           
libdvdnav.x86_64                                  6.1.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libdvdread.x86_64                                 6.1.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libe-book.x86_64                                  0.1.3-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libebml.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libecap.x86_64                                    1.0.1-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libeconf.x86_64                                   0.3.8-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libedit.x86_64                                    3.1-37.20210522cvs.fc34                         @updates                                          
libeot.x86_64                                     0.01-16.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libepoxy.x86_64                                   1.5.8-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                             1.5.8-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libepubgen.x86_64                                 0.1.1-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
liberation-fonts.noarch                           1:2.1.3-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                    1:2.1.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                      1:2.1.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                      1:2.1.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                     1:2.1.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                  2:20210511-120.fc34                             @updates                                          
libesmtp.x86_64                                   1.0.6-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libestr.x86_64                                    0.1.11-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libetonyek.x86_64                                 0.1.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libev.x86_64                                      4.33-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libevdev.x86_64                                   1.11.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libevent.x86_64                                   2.1.12-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libevent-devel.x86_64                             2.1.12-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libexif.x86_64                                    0.6.22-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libexttextcat.x86_64                              3.4.5-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libfastjson.x86_64                                0.99.9-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libfdisk.x86_64                                   2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libfdt.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libffi.x86_64                                     3.1-28.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libffi-devel.x86_64                               3.1-28.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libfido2.x86_64                                   1.6.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libfontenc.x86_64                                 1.1.3-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libfontenc-devel.x86_64                           1.1.3-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libfprint.x86_64                                  1.90.7-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libfreehand.x86_64                                0.1.2-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libftdi.x86_64                                    1.4-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libgadu.x86_64                                    1.12.2-16.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgcab1.x86_64                                   1.4-4.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libgcc.i686                                       11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libgcc.x86_64                                     11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libgcrypt.x86_64                                  1.9.3-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libgda.x86_64                                     1:5.2.9-8.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgda-devel.x86_64                               1:5.2.9-8.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgda-mysql.x86_64                               1:5.2.9-8.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgda-postgres.x86_64                            1:5.2.9-8.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgda-sqlite.x86_64                              1:5.2.9-8.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgdata.x86_64                                   0.18.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgdata-devel.x86_64                             0.18.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libgdither.x86_64                                 0.6-24.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libgdl.x86_64                                     1:3.34.0-4.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libgee.x86_64                                     0.20.4-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgeotiff.x86_64                                 1.6.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libgexiv2.x86_64                                  0.12.2-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgfapi0.x86_64                                  9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
libgfortran.x86_64                                11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                  9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                  9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
libgit2.x86_64                                    1.1.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libglade2.x86_64                                  2.6.4-25.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libglusterd0.x86_64                               9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
libglusterfs0.x86_64                              9.2-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
libglvnd.x86_64                                   1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                        1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                             1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                               1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                              1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                               1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                            1:1.3.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libgnat.x86_64                                    11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libgnome.x86_64                                   2.32.1-22.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgnome-keyring.x86_64                           3.12.0-21.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgnome-keyring-devel.x86_64                     3.12.0-21.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgnomecanvas.x86_64                             2.30.3-21.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                3.26.1-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgnomeui.x86_64                                 2.24.5-24.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libgomp.x86_64                                    11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libgovirt.x86_64                                  0.3.8-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libgpg-error.x86_64                               1.42-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                         1.42-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libgphoto2.x86_64                                 2.5.27-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgpiod.x86_64                                   1.6.3-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libgpod.x86_64                                    0.8.3-37.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgpuarray.x86_64                                0.7.6-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libgrss.x86_64                                    0.7.0-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgs.x86_64                                      9.53.3-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgsf.x86_64                                     1.14.47-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libgta.x86_64                                     1.0.9-5.fc33                                    @fedora                                           
libgtop2.x86_64                                   2.40.0-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libgudev.x86_64                                   236-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libgusb.x86_64                                    0.3.7-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libgweather.x86_64                                40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libgweather-devel.x86_64                          40.0-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libgxps.x86_64                                    0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libhandy.x86_64                                   1.2.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libhangul.x86_64                                  0.1.0-23.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libharu.x86_64                                    2.3.0-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libibverbs.x86_64                                 35.0-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libical.x86_64                                    3.0.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libical-devel.x86_64                              3.0.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libical-glib.x86_64                               3.0.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libical-glib-devel.x86_64                         3.0.10-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libicu.x86_64                                     67.1-6.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libicu-devel.x86_64                               67.1-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libidn.x86_64                                     1.36-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libidn2.x86_64                                    2.3.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libidn2-devel.x86_64                              2.3.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libiec61883.x86_64                                1.2.0-26.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libieee1284.x86_64                                0.2.11-35.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                          0.2.11-35.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libijs.x86_64                                     0.35-13.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libimagequant.x86_64                              2.14.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libimagequant-devel.x86_64                        2.14.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libimobiledevice.x86_64                           1.3.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libindicator.x86_64                               12.10.1-20.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-20.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libini_config.x86_64                              1.3.1-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libinput.x86_64                                   1.18.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libinput-devel.x86_64                             1.18.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libipt.x86_64                                     2.0.4-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libiptcdata.x86_64                                1.0.5-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libiscsi.x86_64                                   1.19.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libisofs.x86_64                                   1.5.4-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libjaylink.x86_64                                 0.2.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libjcat.x86_64                                    0.1.6-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                              2.0.90-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                        2.0.90-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libkadm5.x86_64                                   1.19.1-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libkate.x86_64                                    0.4.1-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libkcapi.x86_64                                   1.2.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                          1.2.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libkml.x86_64                                     1.3.0-30.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libkomparediff2.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libksba.x86_64                                    1.5.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libksysguard.x86_64                               5.21.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libksysguard-common.x86_64                        5.21.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
liblangtag.x86_64                                 0.6.3-6.fc34                                    @updates                                          
liblangtag-data.noarch                            0.6.3-6.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libldac.x86_64                                    2.0.2.3-8.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libldb.x86_64                                     2.3.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
liblockfile.x86_64                                1.14-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
liblouis.x86_64                                   3.16.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
liblqr-1.x86_64                                   0.4.2-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
liblrdf.x86_64                                    0.5.0-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmad.x86_64                                     0.15.1b-31.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
libmatroska.x86_64                                1.6.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libmaxminddb.x86_64                               1.5.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libmbim.x86_64                                    1.24.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libmbim-utils.x86_64                              1.24.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libmcpp.x86_64                                    2.7.2-27.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmediaart.x86_64                                1.9.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libmetalink.x86_64                                0.1.3-14.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmicrodns.x86_64                                0.2.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libmms.x86_64                                     0.6.4-15.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
libmng.x86_64                                     2.0.3-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmng-devel.x86_64                               2.0.3-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmnl.x86_64                                     1.0.4-13.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmodplug.x86_64                                 1:0.8.9.0-12.fc34                               @fedora                                           
libmodulemd.x86_64                                2.12.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libmount.x86_64                                   2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmount-devel.x86_64                             2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmousepad0.x86_64                               0.5.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libmpc.x86_64                                     1.2.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libmpcdec.x86_64                                  1.2.6-27.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libmpdclient.x86_64                               2.19-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libmpeg2.x86_64                                   0.5.1-22.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmspack.x86_64                                  0.10.1-0.5.alpha.fc34                           @anaconda                                         
libmspub.x86_64                                   0.1.4-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmtp.x86_64                                     1.1.18-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                            5.1.0-17.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libmwaw.x86_64                                    0.3.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libmypaint.x86_64                                 1.6.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libmysofa.x86_64                                  1.2-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libnatpmp.x86_64                                  20150609-13.fc34                                @fedora                                           
libnauty.x86_64                                   2.7.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libnccl.x86_64                                    2.8.3-1+cuda11.2                                @nvidia-machine-learning                          
libnccl-devel.x86_64                              2.8.3-1+cuda11.2                                @nvidia-machine-learning                          
libndp.x86_64                                     1.7-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libnet.x86_64                                     1.2-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                     1.0.8-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnfnetlink.x86_64                               1.0.1-19.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libnfs.x86_64                                     4.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnfs-utils.x86_64                               4.0.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                1:2.5.3-3.rc2.fc34                              @updates                                          
libnftnl.x86_64                                   1.1.9-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnghttp2.x86_64                                 1.43.0-2.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4              @updates-modular                                  
libngspice.x86_64                                 34-2.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
libnice.x86_64                                    0.1.17-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                         0.1.17-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libnl3.x86_64                                     3.5.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                 3.5.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnma.x86_64                                     1.8.30-1.fc34.3                                 @anaconda                                         
libnotify.x86_64                                  0.7.9-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnotify-devel.x86_64                            0.7.9-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libnsl2.x86_64                                    1.3.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libnumbertext.x86_64                              1.0.6-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
liboauth.x86_64                                   1.0.3-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libodfgen.x86_64                                  0.1.8-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libofa.x86_64                                     0.9.3-39.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libogg.x86_64                                     2:1.3.4-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libogg-devel.x86_64                               2:1.3.4-4.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libomp.x86_64                                     12.0.0-0.2.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
libomp-devel.x86_64                               12.0.0-0.2.rc1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
libopenmpt.x86_64                                 0.5.8-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
liborcus.x86_64                                   0.16.1-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libosinfo.x86_64                                  1.9.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libosmo-dsp.x86_64                                0.3-15.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libotf.x86_64                                     0.9.13-18.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libpagemaker.x86_64                               0.0.4-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpaper.x86_64                                   1.1.28-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                1.4.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpath_utils.x86_64                              0.2.1-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpcap.x86_64                                    14:1.10.0-1.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
libpciaccess.x86_64                               0.16-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                         0.16-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libpeas.x86_64                                    1.30.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                1.30.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                     1.30.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libphodav.x86_64                                  2.5-3.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libphonenumber.x86_64                             8.12.11-5.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libpinyin.x86_64                                  2.6.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpinyin-data.x86_64                             2.6.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpipeline.x86_64                                1.5.3-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpkgconf.x86_64                                 1.7.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libplacebo.x86_64                                 3.120.3-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libplist.x86_64                                   2.2.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpmem.x86_64                                    1.10-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libpmemobj.x86_64                                 1.10-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libpng.x86_64                                     2:1.6.37-10.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
libpng-devel.x86_64                               2:1.6.37-10.fc34                                @fedora                                           
libpng12.x86_64                                   1.2.57-13.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libpq.x86_64                                      13.3-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libproxy.x86_64                                   0.4.15-30.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                        0.4.15-30.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libpskc.x86_64                                    2.6.6-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libpsl.x86_64                                     0.21.1-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libpsl-devel.x86_64                               0.21.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libpurple.x86_64                                  2.14.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libpwquality.x86_64                               1.4.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libqalculate.x86_64                               3.18.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libqb.x86_64                                      2.0.3-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libqhull.x86_64                                   1:7.2.1-7.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libqhull_r.x86_64                                 1:7.2.1-7.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libqmi.x86_64                                     1.28.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libqmi-utils.x86_64                               1.28.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                            1.6.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                               1.0.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libquadmath.x86_64                                11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                          11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libqxp.x86_64                                     0.0.2-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
librados2.x86_64                                  2:16.2.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
libraqm.x86_64                                    0.7.0-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libraqm-devel.x86_64                              0.7.0-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libraw1394.x86_64                                 2.1.2-13.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
librbd1.x86_64                                    2:16.2.4-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
librdmacm.x86_64                                  35.0-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libref_array.x86_64                               0.1.5-47.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                           1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-core.x86_64                           1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-data.noarch                           1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                           1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                     1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                        1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                  1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                           1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                        1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                        1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                    1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                       1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch               1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                      1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                          1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                            1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                     1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                         1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                            1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                     1:7.1.3.2-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
librepo.x86_64                                    1.14.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport.x86_64                                  2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                         2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-cli.x86_64                              2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-fedora.x86_64                           2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-filesystem.noarch                       2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-gtk.x86_64                              2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                  2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                    2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64            2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64           2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                   2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreport-web.x86_64                              2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libreswan.x86_64                                  4.3-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
librevenge.x86_64                                 0.0.4-20.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
librsvg2.x86_64                                   2.50.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
librtmp.x86_64                                    2.4-19.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc34                 @rpmfusion-free                                   
librttopo.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsamplerate.x86_64                              0.1.9-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libsane-airscan.x86_64                            0.99.26-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                              3.21.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libsavitar.x86_64                                 4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsbc.x86_64                                     1.4-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libseccomp.x86_64                                 2.5.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                           2.5.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsecret.x86_64                                  0.20.4-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libsecret-devel.x86_64                            0.20.4-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libselinux.x86_64                                 3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libselinux-devel.x86_64                           3.2-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libselinux-utils.x86_64                           3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libsemanage.x86_64                                3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libsepol.x86_64                                   3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libsepol-devel.x86_64                             3.2-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libserf.x86_64                                    1.3.9-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libserialport.x86_64                              0.1.1-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libshaderc.x86_64                                 2021.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libshout.x86_64                                   2.4.3-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libsigc++20.x86_64                                2.10.7-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libsigrok.x86_64                                  0.5.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsigrok-cxx.x86_64                              0.5.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsigrokdecode.x86_64                            0.5.3-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libsigsegv.x86_64                                 2.13-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libslirp.x86_64                                   4.4.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libsmartcols.x86_64                               2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libsmbclient.x86_64                               2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
libsmbios.x86_64                                  2.4.3-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libsndfile.x86_64                                 1.0.31-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libsndfile-devel.x86_64                           1.0.31-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libsodium.x86_64                                  1.0.18-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libsolv.x86_64                                    0.7.17-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libsoup.x86_64                                    2.72.0-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libsoup-devel.x86_64                              2.72.0-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libspatialaudio.x86_64                            3.1-4.20200406gitd926a2e.fc34                   @fedora                                           
libspatialite.x86_64                              5.0.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libspectre.x86_64                                 0.2.9-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libspnav.x86_64                                   0.2.3-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libsquish.x86_64                                  1.15-8.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
libsrtp.x86_64                                    2.3.0-6.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libss.x86_64                                      1.45.6-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libssh.x86_64                                     0.9.5-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libssh-config.noarch                              0.9.5-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libssh2.x86_64                                    1.9.0-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libsss_autofs.x86_64                              2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libsss_certmap.x86_64                             2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libsss_idmap.x86_64                               2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                           2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libstaroffice.x86_64                              0.0.7-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libstdc++.i686                                    11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libstdc++.x86_64                                  11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                            11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libstemmer.x86_64                                 0-16.585svn.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                             1.9.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin.x86_64                  1.9.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libtalloc.x86_64                                  2.3.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libtar.x86_64                                     1.2.20-21.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libtasn1.x86_64                                   4.16.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                             4.16.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                             4.16.0-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libtdb.x86_64                                     1.4.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libteam.x86_64                                    1.31-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libtevent.x86_64                                  0.10.2-7.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libtextstyle.x86_64                               0.21-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libthai.x86_64                                    0.1.28-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libthai-devel.x86_64                              0.1.28-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libtheora.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-29.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
libtiff.x86_64                                    4.2.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libtiff-devel.x86_64                              4.2.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libtiger.x86_64                                   0.3.4-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libtimezonemap.x86_64                             0.4.5.1-9.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libtirpc.x86_64                                   1.3.2-0.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                1.18.2-12.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libtommath.x86_64                                 1.2.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libtool.x86_64                                    2.4.6-40.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                               2.4.6-40.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libtpms.x86_64                                    0.8.2-0.20210301git729fc6a4ca.fc34.1            @anaconda                                         
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                          3.1.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libubsan.x86_64                                   11.1.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libudfread.x86_64                                 1.1.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libudisks2.x86_64                                 2.9.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libunistring.x86_64                               0.9.10-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libunwind.x86_64                                  1.4.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libunwind-devel.x86_64                            1.4.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libupnp.x86_64                                    1.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
liburing.x86_64                                   0.7-4.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libusal.x86_64                                    1.1.11-47.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libusb.x86_64                                     1:0.1.7-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                 2.0.2-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libusbx.x86_64                                    1.0.24-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libusbx-devel.x86_64                              1.0.24-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libuser.x86_64                                    0.63-3.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libuser-devel.x86_64                              0.63-3.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libutempter.x86_64                                1.2.1-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libuuid.x86_64                                    2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libuv.x86_64                                      1:1.41.0-1.module_f34+11494+9ce8005d            @fedora-modular                                   
libv4l.x86_64                                     1.20.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libva.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libva-utils.x86_64                                2.11.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libva-vdpau-driver.x86_64                         0.7.4-109.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libvdpau.x86_64                                   1.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libverto.x86_64                                   0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libverto-devel.x86_64                             0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libverto-libev.x86_64                             0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-bash-completion.x86_64                    7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libvirt-client.x86_64                             7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                             7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64              7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64            7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64              7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64              7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64             7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                 7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64               7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64              7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64         7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64         7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64      7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64        7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64 7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64      7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64        7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64          7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64         7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64     7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64          7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                         7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                            4.0.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-glib.x86_64                               4.0.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                            4.0.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvirt-libs.x86_64                               7.0.0-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvisio.x86_64                                   0.1.7-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvisual.x86_64                                  1:0.4.0-32.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
libvkd3d.x86_64                                   1.2-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libvkd3d-shader.x86_64                            1.2-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
libvmaf.x86_64                                    1.5.3-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libvncserver.x86_64                               0.9.13-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libvorbis.x86_64                                  1:1.3.7-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
libvorbis-devel.x86_64                            1:1.3.7-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libvpx.x86_64                                     1.9.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libwacom.x86_64                                   1.10-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libwacom-data.noarch                              1.10-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
libwayland-client.x86_64                          1.19.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                          1.19.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwayland-egl.x86_64                             1.19.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwayland-server.x86_64                          1.19.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwbclient.x86_64                                2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
libwebp.x86_64                                    1.2.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libwebp-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libwinpr.x86_64                                   2:2.3.2-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
libwmf.x86_64                                     0.2.12-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                0.2.12-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libwnck3.x86_64                                   3.36.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwpd.x86_64                                     0.10.3-8.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwpe.x86_64                                     1.10.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwpg.x86_64                                     0.3.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libwps.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libwsman1.x86_64                                  2.6.8-19.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libxcb.x86_64                                     1.13.1-7.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libxcb-devel.x86_64                               1.13.1-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libxcrypt.x86_64                                  4.4.20-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                           4.4.20-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                            4.4.20-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                 4.16.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libxfce4util.x86_64                               4.16.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libxkbcommon.x86_64                               1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                         1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                           1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                     1.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libxkbfile.x86_64                                 1.1.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libxkbfile-devel.x86_64                           1.1.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libxklavier.x86_64                                5.4-18.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
libxml++.x86_64                                   2.42.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxml2.x86_64                                    2.9.12-4.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxml2-devel.x86_64                              2.9.12-4.fc34                                   @updates                                          
libxmlb.x86_64                                    0.3.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libxshmfence.x86_64                               1.3-8.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
libxslt.x86_64                                    1.1.34-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libxslt-devel.x86_64                              1.1.34-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libyaml.x86_64                                    0.2.5-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libytnef.x86_64                                   1:1.9.3-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
libyubikey.x86_64                                 1.13-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libyui.x86_64                                     3.10.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libyui-gtk.x86_64                                 2.49.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libyui-mga.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                             1.1.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                         1.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                              1.1.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                             2.55.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libyui-qt.x86_64                                  2.53.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libyui-qt-graph.x86_64                            2.45.5-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
libzhuyin.x86_64                                  2.6.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
libzip.x86_64                                     1.7.3-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
libzmf.x86_64                                     0.0.2-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
libzstd.x86_64                                    1.5.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
libzstd-devel.x86_64                              1.5.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
lightdm.x86_64                                    1.30.0-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                            1.30.0-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                2.0.8-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.noarch               1.2.2-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lightdm-qt5.x86_64                                1.30.0-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
lightdm-settings.noarch                           1.5.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lilv.x86_64                                       0.24.10-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
linsmith.x86_64                                   0.99.31-7.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                             2.5.1-28.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
linux-firmware.noarch                             20210511-120.fc34                               @updates                                          
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                      20210511-120.fc34                               @updates                                          
linux-libertine-biolinum-fonts.noarch             5.3.0-19.2012_07_02.fc34                        @fedora                                           
linux-libertine-fonts-common.noarch               5.3.0-19.2012_07_02.fc34                        @fedora                                           
lirc-libs.x86_64                                  0.10.0-29.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
live555.x86_64                                    2020.07.31-3.fc34                               @rpmfusion-free                                   
lksctp-tools.x86_64                               1.0.18-9.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
llvm-libs.x86_64                                  12.0.0-0.1.rc1.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
llvm11-libs.x86_64                                11.1.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lm_sensors.x86_64                                 3.6.0-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                           3.6.0-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                            3.6.0-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                  0.9.29-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
lockdev.x86_64                                    1.0.4-0.35.20111007git.fc34                     @anaconda                                         
lockdev-devel.x86_64                              1.0.4-0.35.20111007git.fc34                     @fedora                                           
log4cpp.x86_64                                    1.1.3-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
log4j.noarch                                      2.13.3-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
logrotate.x86_64                                  3.18.0-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                       2.91.5-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                        2.91.5-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                     2.95.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                       2.92.4-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                        2.5.4-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                           2.91.2-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                          2.91.3-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                         2.5.5-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                         2.1-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                               0.2-7.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
lpsolve.x86_64                                    5.5.2.0-26.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
lrzsz.x86_64                                      0.12.20-53.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
lsd.x86_64                                        0.20.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lsof.x86_64                                       4.94.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ltrace.x86_64                                     0.7.91-41.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
lttng-ust.x86_64                                  2.12.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
lua.x86_64                                        5.4.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
lua-filesystem.x86_64                             1.8.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lua-json.noarch                                   1.3.2-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lua-libs.x86_64                                   5.4.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.0.2-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lua-posix.x86_64                                  35.0-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                            1-4.fc34                                        @fedora                                           
lua-term.x86_64                                   0.07-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
luajit.x86_64                                     2.1.0-0.19beta3.fc34                            @fedora                                           
luajit-devel.x86_64                               2.1.0-0.19beta3.fc34                            @fedora                                           
lucene.noarch                                     8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lucene-analysis.noarch                            8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lucene-analyzers-smartcn.noarch                   8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lucene-queries.noarch                             8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lucene-queryparser.noarch                         8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lucene-sandbox.noarch                             8.6.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
lv2.x86_64                                        1.18.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
lvm2.x86_64                                       2.03.11-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                  2.03.11-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
lxappearance.x86_64                               0.6.3-13.D20200807gitd132fdd8.fc34              @fedora                                           
lxsession.x86_64                                  0.5.5-7.D20210130git8543c00a.fc34               @fedora                                           
lynx.x86_64                                       2.8.9-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
lz4-libs.x86_64                                   1.9.3-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
lzo.x86_64                                        2.10-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
lzop.x86_64                                       1.04-6.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
m17n-db.noarch                                    1.8.0-15.fc34                                   @updates                                          
m17n-lib.x86_64                                   1.8.0-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
m4.x86_64                                         1.4.18-17.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
mactel-boot.x86_64                                0.9-24.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
magic.x86_64                                      8.3.162-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
magic-doc.x86_64                                  8.3.162-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
mailcap.noarch                                    2.1.49-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mailx.x86_64                                      12.5-37.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
make.x86_64                                       1:4.3-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
mallard-rng.noarch                                1.1.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
man-db.x86_64                                     2.9.3-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
man-pages.noarch                                  5.10-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                        3.1.12-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                 3.1.12-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mate-desktop-libs.x86_64                          1.24.1-6.fc34                                   @updates                                          
material-icons-fonts.noarch                       4.0.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax.noarch                                    2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                  2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                    2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                   2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                    2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mbedtls.x86_64                                    2.16.9-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mcelog.x86_64                                     3:175-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
mcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-27.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mdadm.x86_64                                      4.1-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
mdevctl.noarch                                    0.78-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
meanwhile.x86_64                                  1.1.0-30.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
media-player-info.noarch                          23-8.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
mediawriter.x86_64                                4.2.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
memstrack.x86_64                                  0.2.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
memtest86+.x86_64                                 5.31-0.3.beta.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                           21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                            21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                          21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                 21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                           21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                9.0.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                          9.0.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                             21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libgbm-devel.x86_64                          21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                              21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                          21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                        21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
meshlab.x86_64                                    2020.07-6.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
meson.noarch                                      0.56.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
metacity.x86_64                                   3.40.0-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
metis.x86_64                                      5.1.0-29.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
microcode_ctl.x86_64                              2:2.1-45.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
minicom.x86_64                                    2.7.1-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
miniz.x86_64                                      2.1.0-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
minizip.x86_64                                    3.0.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mint-themes.noarch                                1:1.8.7-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
mint-themes-gtk3.noarch                           1:1.8.7-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
mint-x-icons.noarch                               1.5.9-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mint-y-icons.noarch                               1.5.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mint-y-theme.noarch                               1:1.8.7-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
mintlocale.noarch                                 1.4.7-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mintlocale-set-default-locale.noarch              1.4.7-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                            2.2.0-1.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free                                   
mkfontscale.x86_64                                1.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mkpasswd.x86_64                                   5.5.9-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
mlocate.x86_64                                    0.26-28.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch             20201225-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
mock.noarch                                       2.10-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
mock-core-configs.noarch                          34.3-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
mock-filesystem.noarch                            2.10-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
mockito.noarch                                    3.5.13-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                  0.6-24.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
mod_http2.x86_64                                  1.15.14-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
mod_lua.x86_64                                    2.4.46-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
mod_perl.x86_64                                   2.0.11-6.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mod_ssl.x86_64                                    1:2.4.46-10.fc34                                @fedora                                           
moka-icon-theme.noarch                            5.4.0-5.20190530gitc0355ea.fc34                 @fedora                                           
mokutil.x86_64                                    2:0.4.0-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
mot-adms.x86_64                                   2.3.7-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
motif.x86_64                                      2.3.4-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mousepad.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                         1.9-25.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
mozilla-fira-fonts-common.noarch                  4.202-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mozilla-fira-mono-fonts.noarch                    4.202-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mozilla-fira-sans-fonts.noarch                    4.202-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                           2.1.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora-cisco-openh264                            
mozjs78.x86_64                                    78.11.0-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
mp.x86_64                                         3.1.0-31.20200303git7fd4828.fc34                @fedora                                           
mpage.x86_64                                      2.5.7-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mpfr.x86_64                                       4.1.0-7.fc34                                    @updates                                          
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                1.26.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mtdev.x86_64                                      1.1.5-20.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mtools.x86_64                                     4.0.27-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
mtr.x86_64                                        2:0.94-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
muParser.x86_64                                   2.3.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
muffin.x86_64                                     4.8.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
multibootusb.noarch                               9.2.0-1                                         @@commandline                                     
mutter.x86_64                                     40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
mypaint-brushes.noarch                            1.3.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
mythes.x86_64                                     1.2.4-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
mythes-en.noarch                                  3.0-31.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
nano.x86_64                                       5.6.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
nano-default-editor.noarch                        5.6.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
nautilus.x86_64                                   40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                        40.1-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
ncurses.x86_64                                    6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
ncurses-base.noarch                               6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                           6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @fedora                                           
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                        6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @fedora                                           
ncurses-devel.x86_64                              6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @fedora                                           
ncurses-libs.x86_64                               6.2-4.20200222.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
ndctl.x86_64                                      71.1-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                 71.1-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
neXtaw.x86_64                                     0.15.1-35.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
nemo.x86_64                                       4.8.6-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
nemo-extensions.x86_64                            4.8.6-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
nemo-fileroller.x86_64                            4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
nemo-image-converter.x86_64                       4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
nemo-preview.x86_64                               4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
neofetch.noarch                                   7.1.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
neon.x86_64                                       0.31.2-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                        1:5.9-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                             1:5.9-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                              1:5.9-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
net-tools.x86_64                                  2.0-0.59.20160912git.fc34                       @anaconda                                         
netcdf.x86_64                                     4.7.3-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
netgen.x86_64                                     1.3.7-41.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
netpbm.x86_64                                     10.93.00-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
netpbm-devel.x86_64                               10.93.00-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
nettle.x86_64                                     3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
nettle-devel.x86_64                               3.7.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
netty.noarch                                      4.1.51-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
network-manager-applet.x86_64                     1.22.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
newt.x86_64                                       0.52.21-9.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
nextpnr.x86_64                                    0-0.19.20210307gitf0e30ab.fc34                  @fedora                                           
nfs-utils.x86_64                                  1:2.5.3-3.rc2.fc34                              @updates                                          
nfs-utils-coreos.x86_64                           1:2.5.3-3.rc2.fc34                              @updates                                          
nftables.x86_64                                   1:0.9.8-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
nginx-filesystem.noarch                           1:1.20.0-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
ngspice.x86_64                                    34-2.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                            3-4.fc34                                        @fedora                                           
ninja-build.x86_64                                1.10.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                       1.22.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                  3:7.80-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
nodejs.x86_64                                     1:12.22.1-1.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4           @updates-modular                                  
nodejs-docs.noarch                                1:12.22.1-1.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4           @updates-modular                                  
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                           1:12.22.1-1.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4           @updates-modular                                  
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                1:12.22.1-1.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4           @updates-modular                                  
nodejs-packaging.noarch                           2021.01-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
npm.x86_64                                        1:6.14.12-1.12.22.1.1.module_f34+11844+d10d89b4 @updates-modular                                  
npth.x86_64                                       1.6-6.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
nspr.i686                                         4.30.0-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nspr.x86_64                                       4.30.0-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nspr-devel.x86_64                                 4.30.0-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss.i686                                          3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss.x86_64                                        3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-devel.x86_64                                  3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-mdns.x86_64                                   0.14.1-11.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
nss-softokn.i686                                  3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn.x86_64                                3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                          3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                           3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                         3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                   3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-tools.x86_64                                  3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-util.i686                                     3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-util.x86_64                                   3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
nss-util-devel.x86_64                             3.65.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                    2:2017.3.23-15.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                 1.0-5.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                  2:2017.3.23-15.fc34                             @anaconda                                         
numactl-libs.x86_64                               2.0.14-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
numad.x86_64                                      0.5-34.20150602git.fc34                         @anaconda                                         
numix-gtk-theme.noarch                            2.6.7-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
numix-icon-theme.noarch                           21.04.14-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
numix-icon-theme-circle.noarch                    21.04.14-2.fc34                                 @updates                                          
numlockx.x86_64                                   1.2-19.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
nvidia-driver.x86_64                              3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @@System                                          
nvidia-driver-cuda-libs.x86_64                    3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
nvidia-driver-libs.x86_64                         3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
nvidia-kmod-common.noarch                         3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
nvidia-libXNVCtrl.x86_64                          3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @fedora-nvidia                                    
nvidia-machine-learning-repo-rhel7.x86_64         1.0.0-1                                         @@commandline                                     
nvidia-persistenced.x86_64                        3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-nonfree-nvidia-driver                  
nvidia-settings.x86_64                            3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @@System                                          
objectweb-asm.noarch                              8.0.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
objenesis.noarch                                  3.1-5.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                          6-4.fc34                                        @fedora                                           
ocl-icd.x86_64                                    2.3.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
ocs-url.x86_64                                    3.1.0-1.fc20                                    @@commandline                                     
octave.x86_64                                     6:5.2.0-12.fc34                                 @updates                                          
oddjob.x86_64                                     0.34.7-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                           0.34.7-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ogdi.x86_64                                       4.1.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
oidn-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
okteta.x86_64                                     1:0.26.4-3.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
okteta-libs.x86_64                                1:0.26.4-3.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
onboard.x86_64                                    1.4.1-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
onboard-data.noarch                               1.4.1-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
oniguruma.x86_64                                  6.9.7.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
open-sans-fonts.noarch                            1.10-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
open-vm-tools.x86_64                              11.2.5-6.fc34                                   @updates                                          
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                      11.2.5-6.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                1.6.68-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openal-soft.x86_64                                1.19.1-12.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
openblas.x86_64                                   0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openblas-openmp.x86_64                            0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                          0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openblas-serial.x86_64                            0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                         0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                       2-9.fc34                                        @fedora                                           
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                        0.3.15-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openbox.x86_64                                    3.6.1-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openbox-libs.x86_64                               3.6.1-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
opencascade-foundation.x86_64                     7.5.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencascade-modeling.x86_64                       7.5.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencascade-ocaf.x86_64                           7.5.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencascade-visualization.x86_64                  7.5.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencl-filesystem.noarch                          1.0-13.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
openconnect.x86_64                                8.10-5.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
opencore-amr.x86_64                               0.1.5-12.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
opencsd.x86_64                                    1.0.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencsg.x86_64                                    1.4.2-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
opencv-contrib.x86_64                             4.5.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opencv-core.x86_64                                4.5.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
openexr-libs.x86_64                               2.5.5-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
openh264.x86_64                                   2.1.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora-cisco-openh264                            
openjade.x86_64                                   1.3.2-66.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openjpeg2.x86_64                                  2.4.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
openldap.x86_64                                   2.4.57-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openldap-devel.x86_64                             2.4.57-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
openlibm.x86_64                                   0.5.3-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openocd.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openpgm.x86_64                                    5.2.122-26.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
opensc.x86_64                                     0.21.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
openscad.x86_64                                   2021.01-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
openscad-MCAD.noarch                              2021.01-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
openslide.x86_64                                  3.4.1-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
opensp.x86_64                                     1.5.2-36.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
openssh.x86_64                                    8.6p1-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
openssh-clients.x86_64                            8.6p1-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
openssh-server.x86_64                             8.6p1-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
openssl.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1k-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
openssl-devel.x86_64                              1:1.1.1k-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
openssl-libs.x86_64                               1:1.1.1k-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                             0.4.11-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
opensubdiv.x86_64                                 3.4.4-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
opensubdiv-libs.x86_64                            3.4.4-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
opentest4j.noarch                                 1.2.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
openvdb-libs.x86_64                               8.0.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
openvpn.x86_64                                    2.5.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
openxr-libs.x86_64                                1.0.16-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
optipng.x86_64                                    0.7.7-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
opus.x86_64                                       1.3.1-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
opus-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.1-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
orc.x86_64                                        0.4.31-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
orca.noarch                                       40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
os-prober.x86_64                                  1.77-7.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
osinfo-db.noarch                                  20210426-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                            1.9.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
ostree.x86_64                                     2021.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ostree-libs.x86_64                                2021.2-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
p11-kit.x86_64                                    0.23.22-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                              0.23.22-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
p11-kit-server.x86_64                             0.23.22-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                              0.23.22-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
p7zip.x86_64                                      16.02-20.fc34                                   @updates                                          
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                              16.02-20.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pakchois.x86_64                                   0.4-23.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                  5.0-4.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
pam.x86_64                                        1.5.1-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pam-devel.x86_64                                  1.5.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pam_afs_session.x86_64                            2.6-14.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                               1.4.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pandoc.x86_64                                     2.9.2.1-9.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
pandoc-common.noarch                              2.9.2.1-9.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
pango.x86_64                                      1.48.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pango-devel.x86_64                                1.48.5-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pangomm.x86_64                                    2.46.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
paper-gtk-theme.noarch                            2.1.0-0.265.20160501gitf75724f.fc28             @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:user501254:Paper  
paper-icon-theme.noarch                           1.5.0-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                         20210501-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
paps.x86_64                                       0.7.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
parted.x86_64                                     3.4-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
passion-one-fonts.noarch                          1.001-1.fc34                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
passwd.x86_64                                     0.80-10.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
passwdqc.x86_64                                   1.4.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                             1.4.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
patch.x86_64                                      2.7.6-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
patchutils.x86_64                                 0.4.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pavucontrol.x86_64                                4.0-6.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                 1.1-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
pcb.x86_64                                        4.2.0-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pciutils.x86_64                                   3.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pciutils-devel.x86_64                             3.7.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pciutils-libs.x86_64                              3.7.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcre.x86_64                                       8.44-3.fc34.1                                   @anaconda                                         
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                   8.44-3.fc34.1                                   @fedora                                           
pcre-devel.x86_64                                 8.44-3.fc34.1                                   @fedora                                           
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                 8.44-3.fc34.1                                   @fedora                                           
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                 8.44-3.fc34.1                                   @fedora                                           
pcre2.x86_64                                      10.36-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                10.36-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pcre2-syntax.noarch                               10.36-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                10.36-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                10.36-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                  1.9.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                             1.4.34-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
pcsc-lite-devel.x86_64                            1.9.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                             1.9.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
perf.x86_64                                       5.12.9-300.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl.x86_64                                       4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                        1.2010-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                              7.17-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                           0.17-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                           2.38-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                           1.68-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                    1.01-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                           2.16-23.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                            5.74-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                             5.74-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-B.x86_64                                     1.80-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                    0.24-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                1.20-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-BSD-Resource.x86_64                          1.291.100-15.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-Benchmark.noarch                             1.23-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                            7.4-22.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                         3.006-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                    20210112.006-1.fc34                             @fedora                                           
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                         1.202-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                         1.004-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-CGI.noarch                                   4.52-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
perl-CPAN.noarch                                  2.28-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                     0.12-21.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                             2.150010-458.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                2.140-459.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                        0.018-459.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-Carp.noarch                                  1.50-458.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                             6.08-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                        0.51-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                0.08-37.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                             0.36-1032.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                       1.36-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                2.13-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                       1.6-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Std.noarch                             0.013-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                          0.66-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                      1.19-23.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Clone.x86_64                                 0.45-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                        2.28-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                    2.101-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                     2.101-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                     2.101-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                     0.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                         0.33-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                          0.27-22.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Convert-BinHex.noarch                        1.125-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                        4.25-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Crypt-CBC.noarch                             3.01-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Crypt-PBKDF2.noarch                          0.161520-12.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Curses.x86_64                                1.37-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-DBI.x86_64                                   1.643-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                            0.06-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-DB_File.x86_64                               1.855-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                          1.27-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                             1.23-16.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                           2.174-460.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                          0.110-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Section.noarch                          0.200007-12.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Data-UUID.x86_64                             1.226-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                           0.12-24.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                          0.005-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                            6.85-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime.x86_64                              2:1.54-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch              0.103-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch               0.8300-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch              1:1.78-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                       1.32-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                     2.47-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch             0.010-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch              0.011-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                     0.008-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                          2.06-24.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch               0.14-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                        0.05-25.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                          3.62-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                            1.28-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                     1.06-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                            0.83-8.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                      1:2.04-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Digest.noarch                                1.19-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                           1.03-27.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                            2.58-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                            1:6.02-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                           2.13-32.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Digest-SHA3.x86_64                           1.04-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-DirHandle.noarch                             1.05-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                   0.11-21.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                             2.27-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                            1.47-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                  0.003-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                     1.005-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Email-Simple.noarch                          2.216-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Encode.x86_64                                4:3.08-459.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                     0.03-32.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Encode-HanExtra.x86_64                       0.23-32.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Encode-JIS2K.x86_64                          0.03-17.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                         1.05-19.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                          4:3.08-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-English.noarch                               1.11-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Env.noarch                                   1.04-458.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Errno.x86_64                                 1.30-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Error.noarch                                 1:0.17029-5.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                          0.14-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                       1.44-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Exporter.noarch                              5.74-459.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                         1.002002-4.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                     1:0.280236-2.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                      2:7.62-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                     0.25-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                        1.35-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                      2.20-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                     2:7.62-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                    2:7.62-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                     1:1.73-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                     1.09-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                      1:3.40-458.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                 1.13-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-File-Basename.noarch                         2.85-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                        4.42-310.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-File-Compare.noarch                          1.100.600-475.fc34                              @updates                                          
perl-File-Copy.noarch                             2.34-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                          1.12-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-File-FcntlLock.x86_64                        0.22-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                            1.00-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-File-Find.noarch                             1.37-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                        0.34-17.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                          1.006-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-File-Listing.noarch                          6.14-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-File-Path.noarch                             2.18-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Remove.noarch                           1.60-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                         1.118-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                          0.012-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-File-Temp.noarch                             1:0.231.100-2.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Which.noarch                            1.23-8.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-File-stat.noarch                             1.09-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-FileCache.noarch                             1.10-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-FileHandle.noarch                            2.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Filter.x86_64                                2:1.60-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                         0.96-458.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-FindBin.noarch                               1.51-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                              1.20-35.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                              1.06-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-GD.x86_64                                    2.73-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                            1.15-37.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                             1.18-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                0.28-33.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Geography-Countries.noarch                   2009041301-31.fc34                              @fedora                                           
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                           1:2.52-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                            1.12-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Git.noarch                                   2.31.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Growl-GNTP.noarch                            0.21-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Guard.x86_64                                 1.023-20.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-Element-Extended.noarch                 1.18-22.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                        2.16-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                           3.76-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-TableExtract.noarch                     2.15-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                           3.20-45.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                             1:5.07-14.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                          6.10-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                             6.05-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                          6.30-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                        6.01-28.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                             0.076-458.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Hardware-Verilog-Parser.noarch               0.13-35.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Hardware-Vhdl-Lexer.noarch                   1.00-36.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Hardware-Vhdl-Parser.noarch                  0.12-36.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Hardware-Vhdl-Tidy.noarch                    0.8-36.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                             0.23-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                   1.20-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                          1.02-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                         0.44-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                         0.19-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-IO.x86_64                                    1.43-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                           2.102-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                      2.101-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                               1.004-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                          0.41-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                         2.070-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-IO-String.noarch                             1.08-41.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                               1:1.11-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                            2.113-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                               2:1.04-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                             1.21-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                              0.048-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                              2.09-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                     1.30-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                        12.16-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
perl-Import-Into.noarch                           1.002005-17.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Importer.noarch                              0.026-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-JSON.noarch                                  4.03-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                               1:4.06-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                               1:4.03-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-LDAP.noarch                                  1:0.68-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                        6.04-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                    6.10-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Linux-Pid.x86_64                             0.04-44.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                         0.18-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                        0.430-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                     0.430-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                        0.58-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                          0.11-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                          3.67-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                       1.29-459.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                1:0.21-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                          2.70-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch               1.36-8.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                          1.54-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                           3.16-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                          1.012.2-13.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                             3.031-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                            2.18-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-MIME-tools.noarch                            5.509-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                            0.13-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Mail-Box.noarch                              3.009-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Mail-Message.noarch                          3.010-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                           1:0.903-14.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                         0.80-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Mail-Transport.noarch                        3.005-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-MailTools.noarch                             2.21-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                           1:1.9998.18-458.fc34                            @fedora                                           
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                  0.500.900-458.fc34                              @fedora                                           
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                           0.2614-458.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                          1.59-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Memoize.noarch                               1.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-ModelSim-List.noarch                         0.06-34.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Build.noarch                          2:0.42.31-7.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                       1:5.20210521-1.fc34                             @updates                                          
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                 1:5.20210521-1.fc34                             @updates                                          
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                 0.09-28.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Load.noarch                           1:0.36-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch               0.74-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                         1:0.08-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                       1.000037-458.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                      2:5.2-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                        0.016-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Moo.noarch                                   2.004004-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                            20200520-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                             1.15-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-NEXT.noarch                                  0.67-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-NKF.x86_64                                   1:2.1.4-19.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-NTLM.noarch                                  1.09-28.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Net.noarch                                   1.02-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                              6.21-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                              2.74-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                          1.04-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                            1.90-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                        0.03-28.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                             1.16-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                       0.009-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Object-Realize-Later.noarch                  0.21-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                1.48-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-OpenGL.x86_64                                0.7000-16.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                 1.94-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                     1.106-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                         0.39-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                      0.29-9.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                             2.5-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
perl-Params-Check.noarch                          1:0.38-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                       0.015-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                           1.102-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                       1.30-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch             0.30-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                      1.967015-13.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                            1.21-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-PathTools.x86_64                             3.78-459.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                           1.010-459.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                    0.008-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                0.09-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Perlilog.noarch                              1.0-15.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                           4:1.74-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                           1:1.07-458.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                         1.13-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                              1.25-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                             0.61-312.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                            1.63-445.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                           3.28.01-459.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                           1.04-17.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                            1:3.42-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                             4:2.01-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Readonly.noarch                              2.05-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                              0.204-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                           0.117-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Regexp-Assemble.noarch                       0.38-12.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                         2017060201-14.fc34                              @fedora                                           
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                             2.002004-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                               1.03ii-52.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-SVG.noarch                                   2.86-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
perl-Safe.noarch                                  2.41-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                     4:1.56-459.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                           1.07-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                           1.02-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                            1.26-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Socket.x86_64                                4:2.031-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Software-License.noarch                      0.103014-10.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                              1.33-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Specio.noarch                                0.47-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Storable.x86_64                              1:3.21-458.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                          0.987-25.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch              0.001013-14.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                          0.14-15.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                           0.928-26.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Sub-Quote.noarch                             2.006006-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Switch.noarch                                2.17-21.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Symbol.noarch                                1.08-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                          1.23-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                            0.36-459.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-SystemC-Vregs.noarch                         1.470-24.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                           1.06-10.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-TeX-Hyphen.noarch                            1.18-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                        5.01-459.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Term-Animation.noarch                        2.6-37.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                              1.17-458.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                         1.403-475.fc34                                  @updates                                          
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                         1.17-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                         0.002-33.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                        0.031-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Term-Table.noarch                            0.015-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                           2.38-9.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Test.noarch                                  1.31-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                          1:3.42-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                           3:1.302183-2.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                           1.02-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Text-Autoformat.noarch                       1.750000-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                         2.04-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                           0.88-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                              2.00-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                             1.45-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                             0.11-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                       3.30-458.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Text-Reform.noarch                           1.20-29.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                            3.5-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                          3.05-18.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                        2013.0523-458.fc34                              @anaconda                                         
perl-Text-Template.noarch                         1.59-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                        1.30-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Thread.noarch                                3.05-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                          3.14-458.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                      2.13-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Tie.noarch                                   4.6-475.fc34                                    @updates                                          
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                             1.226-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Tie-File.noarch                              1.06-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                           1.1-475.fc34                                    @updates                                          
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                           1.40-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Time.noarch                                  1.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                            4:1.9764-460.fc34                               @fedora                                           
perl-Time-Local.noarch                            2:1.300-5.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                            1.3401-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-TimeDate.noarch                              1:2.33-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                              0.30-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Type-Tiny.noarch                             1.012001-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                      1.01-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-URI.noarch                                   5.09-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                       1.29-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                12.0-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                     2019.001-9.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                     1.27-459.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                           0.75-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-User-Identity.noarch                         1.00-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-User-pwent.noarch                            1.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                        0.62-12.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Verilog-CodeGen.noarch                       0.9.4-35.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Verilog-Perl.x86_64                          3.476-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
perl-Verilog-Readmem.noarch                       0.05-16.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                        6.02-28.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Wx.x86_64                                    0.9932-20.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
perl-Wx-GLCanvas.x86_64                           0.09-26.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-DOM.noarch                               1.46-14.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                            0.81-39.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                            1:2.0207-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                     1.01-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                           1.99-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                  1.12-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                            2.46-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-RegExp.noarch                            0.04-23.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                               1.02-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                          1.09-13.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                            0.900-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                             1.44-9.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XString.x86_64                               0.005-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-autodie.noarch                               2.34-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-autouse.noarch                               1.11-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-autovivification.x86_64                      0.18-12.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-base.noarch                                  2.27-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-bignum.noarch                                0.51-458.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-blib.noarch                                  1.07-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-common-sense.x86_64                          3.7.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-constant.noarch                              1.33-459.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-debugger.noarch                              1.56-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-deprecate.noarch                             0.04-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-devel.x86_64                                 4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-diagnostics.noarch                           1.37-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-doc.noarch                                   5.32.1-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-encoding.x86_64                              4:3.00-459.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                     0.13-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-experimental.noarch                          0.024-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
perl-fields.noarch                                2.27-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-filetest.noarch                              1.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-if.noarch                                    0.60.800-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-inc-latest.noarch                            2:0.500-18.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-interpreter.x86_64                           4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-less.noarch                                  0.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-lib.x86_64                                   0.65-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                          1.32-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-libnet.noarch                                3.13-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                             4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-libs.x86_64                                  4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                           6.53-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-local-lib.noarch                             2.000024-11.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-locale.noarch                                1.09-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-macros.noarch                                4:5.32.1-475.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-meta-notation.noarch                         5.32.1-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-mro.x86_64                                   1.23-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                   0.29-6.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                       0.27-16.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
perl-open.noarch                                  1.12-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-overload.noarch                              1.31-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-overloading.noarch                           0.02-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-parent.noarch                                1:0.238-458.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
perl-perlfaq.noarch                               5.20210520-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
perl-ph.x86_64                                    5.32.1-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-podlators.noarch                             1:4.14-458.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-sigtrap.noarch                               1.09-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-sort.noarch                                  2.04-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-39.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
perl-strictures.noarch                            2.000006-10.fc34                                @fedora                                           
perl-subs.noarch                                  1.03-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-threads.x86_64                               1:2.25-458.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                        1.61-458.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
perl-utils.noarch                                 5.32.1-475.fc34                                 @updates                                          
perl-vars.noarch                                  1.05-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perl-version.x86_64                               7:0.99.29-1.fc34                                @updates                                          
perl-vmsish.noarch                                1.04-475.fc34                                   @updates                                          
perltidy.noarch                                   20210402-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
phonon-qt4.x86_64                                 4.10.3-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
phonon-qt4-backend-gstreamer.x86_64               4.9.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
phonon-qt4-devel.x86_64                           4.10.3-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                 4.11.1-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64               2:4.10.0-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
php.x86_64                                        7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-cli.x86_64                                    7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-common.x86_64                                 7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-fpm.x86_64                                    7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-json.x86_64                                   7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-ldap.x86_64                                   7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-mbstring.x86_64                               7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-opcache.x86_64                                7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-pdo.x86_64                                    7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-sodium.x86_64                                 7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
php-xml.x86_64                                    7.4.19-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
picocom.x86_64                                    3.1-9.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
picosat-libs.x86_64                               965-12.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
pidgin.x86_64                                     2.14.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
pigz.x86_64                                       2.5-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
pinentry.x86_64                                   1.1.1-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                            1.1.1-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pinfo.x86_64                                      0.6.10-27.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
pipewire.x86_64                                   0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                              0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                         0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64         0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-libs.x86_64                              0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                        0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pipewire-utils.x86_64                             0.3.29-2.fc34                                   @updates                                          
pixman.x86_64                                     0.40.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
pixman-devel.x86_64                               0.40.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                              1.27.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
pkgconf.x86_64                                    1.7.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                 1.7.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                         1.7.3-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
plater.noarch                                     1:2.0.0-0.17.rc5.fc34                           @fedora                                           
plymouth.x86_64                                   0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                         0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                     0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                      0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                   0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                           0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                      0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                     0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
po-debconf.noarch                                 1.0.21-6.nmu1.fc34                              @fedora                                           
podman.x86_64                                     3:3.1.2-3.fc34                                  @updates                                          
podman-plugins.x86_64                             3:3.1.2-3.fc34                                  @updates                                          
policycoreutils.x86_64                            3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch               3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
polkit.x86_64                                     0.117-3.fc34.1                                  @updates                                          
polkit-gnome.x86_64                               0.106-0.8.20170423gita0763a2.fc34               @fedora                                           
polkit-libs.x86_64                                0.117-3.fc34.1                                  @updates                                          
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                         0.1-19.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
polkit-qt.x86_64                                  0.112.0-22.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                               0.113.0-6.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
poly2tri.x86_64                                   0.0-22.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc34              @fedora                                           
polybar.x86_64                                    3.5.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
polyclipping.x86_64                               6.4.2-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
poppler.x86_64                                    21.01.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                21.01.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
poppler-data.noarch                               0.4.9-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
poppler-glib.x86_64                               21.01.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                21.01.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
poppler-utils.x86_64                              21.01.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
popt.x86_64                                       1.18-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
popt-devel.x86_64                                 1.18-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
portaudio.x86_64                                  19-34.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
potrace.x86_64                                    1.16-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
powerline.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
powerline-fonts.noarch                            2.8.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
powertop.x86_64                                   2.14-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
poxml.x86_64                                      20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
ppp.x86_64                                        2.4.9-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
pptp.x86_64                                       1.10.0-12.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
printrun.x86_64                                   1:2.0.0-0.17.rc5.fc34                           @fedora                                           
printrun-common.x86_64                            1:2.0.0-0.17.rc5.fc34                           @fedora                                           
prison.x86_64                                     1.1.1-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
procps-ng.x86_64                                  3.3.17-1.fc34.1                                 @updates                                          
proj.x86_64                                       7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-at.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-au.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-be.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-br.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-ca.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-ch.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-de.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-dk.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-es.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-eur.noarch                              7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-fi.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-fo.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-fr.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-is.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-jp.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-nc.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-nl.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-nz.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-pt.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-se.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-sk.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-uk.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
proj-data-us.noarch                               7.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
pronsole.noarch                                   1:2.0.0-0.17.rc5.fc34                           @fedora                                           
pronterface.noarch                                1:2.0.0-0.17.rc5.fc34                           @fedora                                           
protobuf.x86_64                                   3.14.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
protobuf-c.x86_64                                 1.3.3-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
protobuf-lite.x86_64                              3.14.0-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
psacct.x86_64                                     6.6.4-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
psmisc.x86_64                                     23.4-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
pt-sans-fonts.noarch                              20141121-19.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
publicsuffix-list.noarch                          20190417-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                    20190417-5.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
pugixml.x86_64                                    1.11.4-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                            14.2-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                      14.2-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                      14.2-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                           14.2-3.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
pulseview.x86_64                                  0.4.2-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
py3status.noarch                                  3.31-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
pycharm-community.x86_64                          2021.1.2-2.fc34                                 @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:phracek:PyCharm   
pygobject2.x86_64                                 2.28.7-12.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
pygtk2.x86_64                                     2.24.0-34.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python-django-bash-completion.noarch              3.1.9-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python-jupyter-filesystem.noarch                  4.7.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python-pip-wheel.noarch                           21.0.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                      5.15.0-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python-rpm-macros.noarch                          3.9-36.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                    53.0.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python-srpm-macros.noarch                         3.9-36.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                         234-16.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python-unversioned-command.noarch                 3.9.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python-wheel-wheel.noarch                         1:0.36.2-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python-xdot.noarch                                1.1-5.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python2-cairo.x86_64                              1.18.2-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python2.7.x86_64                                  2.7.18-11.fc34                                  @updates                                          
python3.x86_64                                    3.9.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                         1.2.1-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-Cython.x86_64                             0.29.21-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-GitPython.noarch                          3.1.13-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-PyQt4.x86_64                              4.12.3-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-abrt.x86_64                               2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                         2.14.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-appdirs.noarch                            1.4.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-arcus.x86_64                              4.8.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-argcomplete.noarch                        1.12.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-argon2-cffi.x86_64                        20.1.0-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-asgiref.noarch                            3.2.10-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-astroid.noarch                            2.4.2-3.git2d25e84.fc34                         @fedora                                           
python3-async-generator.noarch                    1.10-9.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-attrs.noarch                              20.3.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-audit.x86_64                              3.0.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-augeas.noarch                             0.5.0-23.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-autopep8.noarch                           1.5.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-babel.noarch                              2.9.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-backcall.noarch                           0.1.0-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-basemap.x86_64                            1.2.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-beaker.noarch                             1.10.0-10.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                     4.9.3-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-bleach.noarch                             3.2.3-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-blivet.noarch                             1:3.3.3-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-blockdev.x86_64                           2.25-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-blosc.x86_64                              1.10.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-bodhi.noarch                              5.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-bodhi-client.noarch                       5.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-brlapi.x86_64                             0.8.2-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-bugzilla.noarch                           3.0.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-bytesize.x86_64                           2.5-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-cached_property.noarch                    1.5.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-cairo.x86_64                              1.20.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-cairocffi.noarch                          1.2.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-cairosvg.noarch                           2.5.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-canberra.noarch                           0-0.26.git88c53cd.fc34                          @fedora                                           
python3-cangjie.x86_64                            1.2-24.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-caribou.noarch                            0.4.21-25.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                         1.5-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-certifi.noarch                            2020.12.5-2.fc34                                @fedora                                           
python3-cffi.x86_64                               1.14.5-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-chardet.noarch                            4.0.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cheetah.x86_64                            3.2.4-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-click.noarch                              7.1.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-click-plugins.noarch                      1.1.1-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-cloudpickle.noarch                        1.6.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-colorama.noarch                           0.4.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-colorlog.noarch                           4.7.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-conda.noarch                              4.10.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64             1.7.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-configobj.noarch                          5.0.6-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                            7.0.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-crypto.x86_64                             2.6.1-34.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-cryptography.x86_64                       3.4.6-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cssselect2.noarch                         0.3.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-cups.x86_64                               2.0.1-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cycler.noarch                             0.10.0-18.fc34                                  @updates                                          
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                            0.11.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-dasbus.noarch                             1.4-3.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-dask.noarch                               2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-dask+array.noarch                         2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-dask+bag.noarch                           2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-dask+dataframe.noarch                     2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-dask+delayed.noarch                       2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-dateutil.noarch                           1:2.8.1-3.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-dbus.x86_64                               1.2.16-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-decorator.noarch                          4.4.2-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-defusedxml.noarch                         0.7.0~rc2-1.fc34                                @fedora                                           
python3-devel.x86_64                              3.9.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-distlib.noarch                            0.3.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-distro.noarch                             1.5.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-django.noarch                             3.1.9-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-dnf.noarch                                4.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch          4.0.13-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                   4.0.21-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch          4.0.13-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                          0.3.20-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-enchant.noarch                            3.2.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-entrypoints.noarch                        0.3-8.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python3-fastcache.x86_64                          1.1.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-fedora.noarch                             1.1.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-file-magic.noarch                         5.39-5.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-filelock.noarch                           3.0.12-9.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-firewall.noarch                           0.9.3-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-frozendict.noarch                         1.2-18.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-fsspec.noarch                             2021.5.0-1.fc34~bootstrap                       @updates                                          
python3-gdal.x86_64                               3.2.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-gettext.noarch                            4.0-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python3-gexiv2.x86_64                             0.12.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-gitdb.noarch                              4.0.5-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-gmpy2.x86_64                              2.1.0-0.21.b5.fc34                              @fedora                                           
python3-gnuradio.x86_64                           3.9.0.0-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-gobject.x86_64                            3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                       3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-gpg.x86_64                                1.15.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-gssapi.x86_64                             1.6.9-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-hawkey.x86_64                             0.62.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-html5lib.noarch                           1:1.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-humanize.noarch                           0.5.1-25.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-husl.noarch                               4.0.3-19.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-idna.noarch                               2.10-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-ifaddr.noarch                             0.1.7-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-imageio.noarch                            2.9.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-inotify.noarch                            0.9.6-23.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-ipykernel.noarch                          5.4.3-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-ipython.noarch                            7.20.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-ipython_genutils.noarch                   0.1.0-24.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-isort.noarch                              5.7.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-jedi.noarch                               0.17.2^20200805git209e271-2.fc34                @fedora                                           
python3-jinja2.noarch                             2.11.3-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-joblib.noarch                             1.0.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-jsonschema.noarch                         3.2.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-jupyter-client.noarch                     6.1.11-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-jupyter-core.noarch                       4.7.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-jupyterlab_pygments.noarch                0.1.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-kickstart.noarch                          3.32-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-kitchen.noarch                            1.2.6-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                         1.3.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-koji.noarch                               1.25.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-langtable.noarch                          0.0.54-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                  1.5.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-libcomps.x86_64                           0.1.15-6.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-libdnf.x86_64                             0.62.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                        2.12.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-libreport.x86_64                          2.15.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-libs.x86_64                               3.9.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-libselinux.x86_64                         3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                        3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                     1.9.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-libvirt.x86_64                            7.0.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-libxml2.x86_64                            2.9.12-4.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-locket.noarch                             0.2.0-17.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-lockfile.noarch                           1:0.12.2-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python3-louis.noarch                              3.16.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-lxml.x86_64                               4.6.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-lz4.x86_64                                3.0.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-mako.noarch                               1.1.4-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-manatools.noarch                          0.0.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                         1.1.1-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                         3.4.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                    3.4.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch              3.4.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                      3.4.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-mccabe.noarch                             0.6.1-18.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-meh.noarch                                0.50-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-meh-gui.noarch                            0.50-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-migen.noarch                              0.9.2-8.20210307git7014bdc.fc34                 @fedora                                           
python3-mistune.x86_64                            0.8.3-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-mpmath.noarch                             1.2.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-msgpack.x86_64                            1.0.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-munch.noarch                              2.5.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-myhdl.noarch                              0.11-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-nbclient.noarch                           0.5.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-nbconvert.noarch                          6.0.7-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-nbformat.noarch                           5.0.8-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-nest_asyncio.noarch                       1.4.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-netifaces.x86_64                          0.10.6-13.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-networkx.noarch                           2.5-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python3-newt.x86_64                               0.52.21-9.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-nftables.x86_64                           1:0.9.8-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-nltk.noarch                               1:3.4.5-5.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-notebook.noarch                           6.1.6-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-numexpr.x86_64                            2.7.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-numpy.x86_64                              1:1.20.1-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                         1:1.20.1-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python3-numpy-stl.x86_64                          2.11.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-olefile.noarch                            0.46-13.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-openidc-client.noarch                     0.6.0-11.20180605gitcd8d91c.fc34                @fedora                                           
python3-packaging.noarch                          20.9-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-pam.noarch                                1.8.4-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pandas.x86_64                             1.2.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pandas-datareader.noarch                  0.9.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pandocfilters.noarch                      1.4.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-parso.noarch                              0.8.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-partd.noarch                              1.2.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-paste.noarch                              3.5.0-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-patsy.noarch                              0.5.1-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pexpect.noarch                            4.8.0-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pickleshare.noarch                        0.7.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pid.noarch                                2.2.3-10.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-pillow.x86_64                             8.1.2-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-pip.noarch                                21.0.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-ply.noarch                                3.11-11.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                    3.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-productmd.noarch                          1.33-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python3-progressbar2.noarch                       3.52.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-prometheus_client.noarch                  0.9.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                     3.0.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-psutil.x86_64                             5.8.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                         0.6.0-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-pwquality.x86_64                          1.4.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                          20.0.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-pyatspi.noarch                            2.38.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                        2.6.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pycosat.x86_64                            0.6.3-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pycparser.noarch                          2.20-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pycurl.x86_64                             7.43.0.6-5.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
python3-pydot.noarch                              1.4.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pygit2.x86_64                             1.5.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyglet.noarch                             1.5.11-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pygments.noarch                           2.7.4-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pygpu.x86_64                              0.7.6-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pygraphviz.x86_64                         1.7-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python3-pylint.noarch                             2.6.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pynest2d.x86_64                           4.8.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyopengl.x86_64                           3.1.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyparsing.noarch                          2.4.7-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyparted.x86_64                           1:3.11.7-2.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
python3-pyproj.x86_64                             3.1.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-pyqt4-sip.x86_64                          4.19.24-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                          4.19.24-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-pyroute2.noarch                           0.5.6-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                         0.17.3-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pyserial.noarch                           3.4-10.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-pyshp.noarch                              2.1.3-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pysocks.noarch                            1.7.1-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pystray.noarch                            0.17.3-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-pytz.noarch                               2021.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-pyudev.noarch                             0.22.0-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-pyusb.noarch                              1.0.2-11.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pywt.x86_64                               1.1.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyxdg.noarch                              0.27-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                             5.4.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-qt5.x86_64                                5.15.0-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                           5.15.0-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                      5.15.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                         5.15.0-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-reportlab.x86_64                          3.5.60-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-requests.noarch                           2.25.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-requests-file.noarch                      1.5.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                       0.3.1-21.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                    1.2.3-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-rpkg.noarch                               1.62-4.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python3-rpm.x86_64                                4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                     12-4.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                         3.9-36.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python3-rtree.noarch                              0.9.4-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-ruamel-yaml.x86_64                        0.16.6-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                   0.1.2-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-savitar.x86_64                            4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-scikit-image.x86_64                       0.18.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-scikit-learn.x86_64                       0.24.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-scipy.x86_64                              1.6.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-scour.noarch                              0.38.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-seaborn.noarch                            0.11.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-send2trash.noarch                         1.4.2-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-setools.x86_64                            4.4.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                       1.1.10-20.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
python3-setuptools.noarch                         53.0.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-shapely.x86_64                            1.7.1-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-simpleline.noarch                         1.8-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-six.noarch                                1.15.0-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-slip.noarch                               0.6.4-22.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                          0.6.4-22.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-smmap.noarch                              3.0.1-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-soupsieve.noarch                          2.2-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-speechd.x86_64                            0.10.2-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-sqlparse.noarch                           0.4.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-statsmodels.x86_64                        0.12.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-svg-path.noarch                           2.2-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
python3-sympy.noarch                              1.8-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
python3-systemd.x86_64                            234-16.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-tables.x86_64                             3.6.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-tempita.noarch                            0.5.1-29.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch               1.1-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
python3-terminado.noarch                          0.9.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-testpath.noarch                           0.4.4-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-theano.noarch                             1.0.13-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-threadpoolctl.noarch                      2.0.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-thrift.x86_64                             0.14.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-tifffile.noarch                           2020.7.4-4.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python3-tinycss2.noarch                           1.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-tkinter.x86_64                            3.9.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-toml.noarch                               0.10.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-toolz.noarch                              0.11.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-tornado.x86_64                            6.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-tqdm.noarch                               4.60.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
python3-traitlets.noarch                          5.0.5-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-trimesh.noarch                            3.8.17-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-trimesh-easy.noarch                       3.8.17-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                          1.4.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-unbound.x86_64                            1.13.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-uranium.noarch                            4.8.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-urllib3.noarch                            1.25.10-4.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-utils.noarch                              2.4.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-virtualenv.noarch                         20.4.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-wcwidth.noarch                            0.2.5-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-webencodings.noarch                       0.5.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-wheel.noarch                              1:0.36.2-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
python3-wrapt.x86_64                              1.12.1-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-wxpython4.x86_64                          4.0.7-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-xapp.noarch                               2.0.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                    2.0.7-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
python3-xcffib.noarch                             0.9.0-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-xlib.noarch                               0.29-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
python3-xlrd.noarch                               2.0.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-xlwt.noarch                               1.1.2-16.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-yubico.noarch                             1.3.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-yui.x86_64                                2.0.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
python3-zeroconf.noarch                           0.28.8-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
python3-zmq.x86_64                                22.0.3-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qca.x86_64                                        2.2.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qca-ossl.x86_64                                   2.2.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qca-qt5.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                               2.3.1-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                            2.0.1-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                            2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                              2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                           2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                            2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                         2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                           2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                            2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-common.x86_64                                2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                    2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64         2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                   2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                  2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                           2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-img.x86_64                                   2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                   2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                            2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                       2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                       2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                             2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                          2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                         2:5.2.0-7.fc34                                  @updates                                          
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                             0.7.1-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                         0.8.9-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
qjson.x86_64                                      0.9.0-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                  10.3.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
qrencode-libs.x86_64                              4.0.2-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
qrupdate.x86_64                                   1.1.2-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                             2.11.5-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt.x86_64                                         1:4.8.7-60.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
qt-common.noarch                                  1:4.8.7-60.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
qt-devel.x86_64                                   1:4.8.7-60.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
qt-mobility-common.x86_64                         1.2.2-0.40.20140317git169da60c.fc34             @fedora                                           
qt-mobility-location.x86_64                       1.2.2-0.40.20140317git169da60c.fc34             @fedora                                           
qt-mobility-sensors.x86_64                        1.2.2-0.40.20140317git169da60c.fc34             @fedora                                           
qt-settings.noarch                                34.5-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
qt-x11.x86_64                                     1:4.8.7-60.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
qt3.x86_64                                        3.3.8b-86.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
qt5-designer.x86_64                               5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-doctools.x86_64                               5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-linguist.x86_64                               5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                 5.15.2-15.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                          5.15.2-15.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                           5.15.2-15.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                             5.15.2-15.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                         5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                          5.15.2-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                    5.15.2-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtgamepad.x86_64                              5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                     5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                         5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                             5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                           5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                        5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                       5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                               5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                              5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                           5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                               5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                       5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                  5.15.2-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                         5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                          5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                  5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64        5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                      5.15.2-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                              5.15.2-6.fc34                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                           5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                            5.15.2-9.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                   5.15.2-9.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwebengine-freeworld.x86_64                  5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                               5.212.0-0.55.alpha4.fc34                        @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwebkit-devel.x86_64                         5.212.0-0.55.alpha4.fc34                        @fedora                                           
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                           5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                            5.15.2-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                          5.15.2-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                             5.15.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                            5.15.2-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qtsoap.x86_64                                     2.7-25.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
qtwebkit.x86_64                                   2.3.4-33.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qtwebkit-devel.x86_64                             2.3.4-33.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                 0.7.6-10.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qucs.x86_64                                       0.0.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
qucs-lib.x86_64                                   0.0.19-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
quota.x86_64                                      1:4.06-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
quota-nls.noarch                                  1:4.06-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
quoteunquoteapps-courier-prime-fonts.noarch       3.018-1.20201102git7fd585a.fc34                 @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
qutebrowser.noarch                                2.2.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
qwt-qt5.x86_64                                    6.1.5-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
racket.x86_64                                     7.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
racket-collects.noarch                            7.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
racket-doc.noarch                                 7.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
racket-minimal.x86_64                             7.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
racket-pkgs.noarch                                7.4-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
radvd.x86_64                                      2.19-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
raptor2.x86_64                                    2.0.15-28.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
rasqal.x86_64                                     0.9.33-16.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                 0.4.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
re2.x86_64                                        1:20190801-8.fc34                               @fedora                                           
readline.x86_64                                   8.1-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
readline-devel.x86_64                             8.1-2.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
realmd.x86_64                                     0.17.0-5.fc34                                   @updates                                          
realvnc-vnc-viewer.x86_64                         6.21.406.44671-1                                @@commandline                                     
redhat-lsb.x86_64                                 4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                            4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-cxx.x86_64                             4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-desktop.x86_64                         4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-languages.x86_64                       4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-printing.x86_64                        4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64               4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                 4.1-53.fc34                                     @updates                                          
redhat-menus.noarch                               12.0.2-19.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                          182-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
redland.x86_64                                    1.0.17-26.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
redshift.x86_64                                   1.12-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
redshift-gtk.x86_64                               1.12-11.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
regexp.noarch                                     1:1.5-34.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
rest.x86_64                                       0.8.1-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
rhash.x86_64                                      1.4.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
rhythmbox.x86_64                                  3.4.4-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
rofi.x86_64                                       1.6.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
rofi-themes.noarch                                1.6.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
rootfiles.noarch                                  8.1-29.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
rpcbind.x86_64                                    1.2.6-0.fc34                                    @updates                                          
rpi-imager.x86_64                                 1.6.2-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
rpkg-common.noarch                                1.62-4.fc34                                     @updates                                          
rpm.x86_64                                        4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpm-build.x86_64                                  4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                             4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpm-devel.x86_64                                  4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
rpm-libs.x86_64                                   4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                         4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                 4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                              4.16.1.3-1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
rpmdevtools.noarch                                9.3-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch              34-2.fc34                                       @rpmfusion-free                                   
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                     34-1                                            @@commandline                                     
rpmfusion-free-release-tainted.noarch             34-1                                            @rpmfusion-free                                   
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch           34-2.fc34                                       @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                        
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                  34-1                                            @@commandline                                     
rpmfusion-nonfree-release-tainted.noarch          34-1                                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                                
rpmlint.noarch                                    1.11-17.fc34                                    @updates                                          
rsync.x86_64                                      3.2.3-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
rsyntaxtextarea.noarch                            3.1.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
rsyslog.x86_64                                    8.2102.0-2.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
rtkit.x86_64                                      0.11-26.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
rtl-sdr.x86_64                                    0.6.0-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                           17-2.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                               9.26-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
rygel.x86_64                                      0.40.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sac.noarch                                        1.3-35.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
samba-client.x86_64                               2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
samba-client-libs.x86_64                          2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
samba-common.noarch                               2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
samba-common-libs.x86_64                          2:4.14.4-0.fc34                                 @updates                                          
sane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.26-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
sane-backends.x86_64                              1.0.32-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                        1.0.32-4.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64              1.0.32-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64             1.0.32-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                         1.0.32-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sat4j.noarch                                      2.3.5-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
satyr.x86_64                                      0.37-2.fc34                                     @updates                                          
scala.noarch                                      2.13.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
scala-library.noarch                              2.13.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
scala-reflect.noarch                              2.13.6-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
schroedinger.x86_64                               1.0.11-24.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
scotch.x86_64                                     6.1.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sdcc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
seabios-bin.noarch                                1.14.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
seavgabios-bin.noarch                             1.14.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sed.x86_64                                        4.8-7.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
selinux-policy.noarch                             34.9-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                    34.9-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
sequeler.x86_64                                   0.8.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
serd.x86_64                                       0.30.10-2.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
setroubleshoot.x86_64                             3.3.26-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                     3.3.14-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                      3.3.26-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
setup.noarch                                      2.13.7-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
setxkbmap.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
sfxr.x86_64                                       1.2.1-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                             1.45-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
sgabios-bin.noarch                                1:0.20180715git-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                         
sgml-common.noarch                                0.6.3-56.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sgpio.x86_64                                      1.2.0.10-28.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
shadow-utils.x86_64                               2:4.8.1-8.fc34                                  @updates                                          
shared-mime-info.x86_64                           2.1-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
sheepdog.x86_64                                   1.0.1-14.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
shim-ia32.x86_64                                  15.4-4                                          @anaconda                                         
shim-x64.x86_64                                   15.4-4                                          @anaconda                                         
shotwell.x86_64                                   0.31.3-5.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sigrok-cli.x86_64                                 0.7.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sigrok-firmware-filesystem.noarch                 0.1.0-17.20151211gitb2daf81.fc34                @fedora                                           
sigrok-firmware-fx2lafw.noarch                    0.1.7-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                       1.200-21.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                          1.000-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                            2.200-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                           3.003-7.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
simarrange.x86_64                                 0.0-3020170316git8238ce5.fc34                   @fedora                                           
simple-scan.x86_64                                40.1-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
slang.x86_64                                      2.3.2-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
slang-devel.x86_64                                2.3.2-9.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
slf4j.noarch                                      1.7.30-8.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
slic3r.x86_64                                     1.3.0-19.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
slick-greeter.x86_64                              1.5.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
slick-greeter-cinnamon.noarch                     1.5.2-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
slirp4netns.x86_64                                1.1.9-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
smartmontools.x86_64                              1:7.2-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
smartsim.x86_64                                   1.4-16.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                            7.0.3-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
snakeyaml.noarch                                  1.27-2.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
snap-confine.x86_64                               2.50-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
snapd.x86_64                                      2.50-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
snapd-selinux.noarch                              2.50-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
snappy.x86_64                                     1.1.8-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
sni-qt.x86_64                                     0.2.7-0.8.20170217.fc34                         @fedora                                           
sombok.x86_64                                     2.4.0-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sord.x86_64                                       0.16.6-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sorkintype-gelasio-fonts.noarch                   1.006-3.20201102gitc709e34.fc34                 @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:dawid:better_fonts
sorkintype-merriweather-fonts.noarch              2.008-4.20200314gitfad21f9.fc34                 @fedora                                           
sorkintype-merriweather-sans-fonts.noarch         1.008-4.20200314gitf36d6e1.fc34                 @fedora                                           
sos.noarch                                        4.1-1.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                    0.8-15.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
soundtouch.x86_64                                 2.1.1-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
source-highlight.x86_64                           3.1.9-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
soxr.x86_64                                       0.1.3-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
spandsp.x86_64                                    0.0.6-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
spatialindex.x86_64                               1.9.3-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
spax.x86_64                                       1.6-4.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
spdlog.x86_64                                     1.8.5-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                          0.10.2-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                0.10.2-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
speex.x86_64                                      1.2.0-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
speexdsp.x86_64                                   1.2.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
spice-glib.x86_64                                 0.39-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.39-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
spice-server.x86_64                               0.14.3-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
spice-vdagent.x86_64                              0.21.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                           2020.5-5.20201208.gitb27b1af.fc34               @fedora                                           
sqlite.x86_64                                     3.34.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sqlite-devel.x86_64                               3.34.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sqlite-libs.i686                                  3.34.1-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                3.34.1-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                              3.12.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
squashfs-tools.x86_64                             4.4-5.git1.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
squid.x86_64                                      7:5.0.5-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
sratom.x86_64                                     0.6.6-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
srecord.x86_64                                    1.64-20.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
srt-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.2-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sscg.x86_64                                       2.6.2-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sshpass.x86_64                                    1.09-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
sssd.x86_64                                       2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-ad.x86_64                                    2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-client.x86_64                                2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-common.x86_64                                2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                            2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                   2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                   2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                  2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                           2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                  2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                             2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                 2.5.0-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
startup-notification.x86_64                       0.12-21.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
stix-fonts.noarch                                 2.0.2-9.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
stoken-libs.x86_64                                0.92-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
strace.x86_64                                     5.10-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
subunit.x86_64                                    1.4.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
subunit-devel.x86_64                              1.4.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
subversion.x86_64                                 1.14.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
subversion-libs.x86_64                            1.14.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
sudo.x86_64                                       1.9.5p2-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                         1.9.5p2-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
suitesparse.x86_64                                5.4.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
suitesparse64.x86_64                              5.4.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
suitesparse64_.x86_64                             5.4.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sundials.x86_64                                   5.6.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
sushi.x86_64                                      3.38.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                               0.8.6-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                              1.5.1-1.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
switcheroo-control.x86_64                         2.4-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
swtpm.x86_64                                      0.5.2-2.20201226gite59c0c1.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                 0.5.2-2.20201226gite59c0c1.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                0.5.2-2.20201226gite59c0c1.fc34                 @anaconda                                         
symlinks.x86_64                                   1.7-4.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
syslinux.x86_64                                   6.04-0.17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                          6.04-0.17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                 6.04-0.17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                          6.04-0.17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                      3.40.1-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
system-config-language.noarch                     3.5.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
system-config-printer.x86_64                      1.5.15-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                 1.5.15-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                 1.5.15-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
systemd.x86_64                                    248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-container.x86_64                          248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-devel.x86_64                              248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-libs.x86_64                               248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-networkd.x86_64                           248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-oomd-defaults.x86_64                      248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-pam.x86_64                                248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                         248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemd-udev.x86_64                               248.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
systemtap.x86_64                                  4.5-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
systemtap-client.x86_64                           4.5-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
systemtap-devel.x86_64                            4.5-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                          4.5-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                        4.5-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
t1lib.x86_64                                      5.1.2-29.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
taglib.x86_64                                     1.12-4.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
tar.x86_64                                        2:1.34-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
tbb.x86_64                                        2020.3-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
tcl.x86_64                                        1:8.6.10-5.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
tclspice.x86_64                                   34-2.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
tcpdump.x86_64                                    14:4.99.0-2.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
tcsh.x86_64                                       6.22.03-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
teamd.x86_64                                      1.31-3.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
teckit.x86_64                                     2.5.9-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
terminology.x86_64                                1.9.0-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
terminus-fonts.noarch                             4.49.1-12.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
tesseract.x86_64                                  4.1.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-devel.x86_64                            4.1.1-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-afr.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-amh.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ara.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-asm.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-aze.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-aze_cyrl.noarch                4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-bel.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ben.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-bod.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-bos.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-bre.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-bul.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-cat.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ceb.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ces.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-chi_sim.noarch                 4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-chi_sim_vert.noarch            4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-chi_tra.noarch                 4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-chi_tra_vert.noarch            4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-chr.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-cos.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-cym.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-dan.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-deu.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-div.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-dzo.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ell.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-enm.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-epo.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-est.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-eus.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fao.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fas.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fil.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fin.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fra.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-frk.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-frm.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-fry.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-gla.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-gle.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-glg.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-grc.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-guj.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-hat.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-heb.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-hin.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-hrv.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-hun.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-hye.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-iku.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ind.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-isl.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ita.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ita_old.noarch                 4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-jav.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-jpn.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-jpn_vert.noarch                4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kan.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kat.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kat_old.noarch                 4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kaz.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-khm.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kir.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kmr.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kor.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-kor_vert.noarch                4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-lao.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-lat.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-lav.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-lit.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ltz.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mal.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mar.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mkd.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mlt.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mon.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mri.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-msa.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-mya.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-nep.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-nld.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-nor.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-oci.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ori.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-pan.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-pol.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-por.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-pus.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-que.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ron.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-rus.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-san.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-sin.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-slk.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-slv.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-snd.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-spa.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-spa_old.noarch                 4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-sqi.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-srp.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-srp_latn.noarch                4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-sun.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-swa.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-swe.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-syr.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tam.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tat.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tel.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tgk.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tha.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tir.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ton.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-tur.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-uig.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-ukr.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-urd.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-uzb.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-uzb_cyrl.noarch                4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-vie.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-yid.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-langpack-yor.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-osd.noarch                              4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                     4.1.0-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
texinfo.x86_64                                    6.7-10.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                          9:svn49596-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ae.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-algorithms.noarch                         9:svn42428-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-alphalph.noarch                           9:svn53087-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-amscls.noarch                             9:svn46099-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                           9:svn29208.3.04-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-amsmath.noarch                            9:svn53640-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-anysize.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                           9:svn53051-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-attachfile.noarch                         9:svn42099-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-atveryend.noarch                          9:svn53108-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                       9:svn52849-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-auxhook.noarch                            9:svn53173-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-avantgar.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-babel.noarch                              9:svn54487-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-babel-english.noarch                      9:svn44495-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-babelbib.noarch                           9:svn50354-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-base.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-beamer.noarch                             9:svn54841-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-bera.noarch                               9:svn20031.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-beton.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-biblatex.noarch                           9:svn53063-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-bidi.noarch                               9:svn53615-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                         9:svn53172-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-bitset.noarch                             9:svn53837-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-bookman.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-bookmark.noarch                           9:svn53026-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-booktabs.noarch                           9:svn53402-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-breakurl.noarch                           9:svn29901.1.40-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-breqn.noarch                              9:svn54801-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-caption.noarch                            9:svn53517-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-carlisle.noarch                           9:svn47876-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-catchfile.noarch                          9:svn53084-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-changepage.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0c-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-charter.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-cite.noarch                               9:svn36428.5.5-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-cm.noarch                                 9:svn49028-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-cm-super.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-cmap.noarch                               9:svn42428-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-cmextra.noarch                            9:svn42428-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-collectbox.noarch                         9:svn26557.0.4b-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                   9:svn54186-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch        9:svn54074-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                   9:svn54074-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch        9:svn54074-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                      9:svn49086-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-colortbl.noarch                           9:svn53545-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-courier.noarch                            9:svn35058.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-crop.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.5-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-csquotes.noarch                           9:svn53041-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ctable.noarch                             9:svn38672-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                        9:svn38514-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-currfile.noarch                           9:svn40725-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-dehyph.noarch                             9:svn48599-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-dvips.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-ec.noarch                                 9:svn25033.1.0-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-enctex.noarch                             9:svn34957.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-enumitem.noarch                           9:svn51423-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                       9:svn53546-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                            9:svn47694-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-etex.noarch                               9:svn37057.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                           9:svn41784-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                           9:svn53171-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                           9:svn52153-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-euenc.noarch                              9:svn19795.0.1h-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-euler.noarch                              9:svn42428-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-eulervm.noarch                            9:svn15878.4.0-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-euro.noarch                               9:svn22191.1.1-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                            9:svn25714-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-eurosym.noarch                            9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-38.fc34                  @fedora                                           
texlive-extsizes.noarch                           9:svn17263.1.4a-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-fancybox.noarch                           9:svn18304.1.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                           9:svn49886-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-fancyref.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.9c-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                           9:svn53392-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-filecontents.noarch                       9:svn52142-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-filehook.noarch                           9:svn53655-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-filemod.noarch                            9:svn24042.1.2-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-finstrut.noarch                           9:svn21719.0.5-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-fix2col.noarch                            9:svn38770-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-float.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.3d-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-fontspec.noarch                           9:svn53860-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-footmisc.noarch                           9:svn23330.5.5b-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                      9:svn52676-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-fp.noarch                                 9:svn49719-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-fpl.noarch                                9:svn54512-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-geometry.noarch                           9:svn54080-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                     9:svn53170-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-gincltex.noarch                           9:svn23835.0.3-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-graphics.noarch                           9:svn53640-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                       9:svn41448-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                       9:svn54522-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-grfext.noarch                             9:svn53024-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-grffile.noarch                            9:svn52756-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-helvetic.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-hobsub.noarch                             9:svn52810-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hologo.noarch                             9:svn53048-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hycolor.noarch                            9:svn53584-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hyperref.noarch                           9:svn54841-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                          9:svn54568-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                        9:svn54763-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                           9:svn37354.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                            9:svn47544-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                          9:svn40726-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                         9:svn45533-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-iftex.noarch                              9:svn54159-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-index.noarch                              9:svn24099.4.1beta-38.fc34                      @fedora                                           
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                          9:svn53023-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-intcalc.noarch                            9:svn53168-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                           9:svn19440.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-kastrup.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                          9:svn35820.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                        9:svn38627-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-koma-script.noarch                        9:svn54825-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                       9:svn53193-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                          9:svn52985-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                          9:svn53166-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-l3backend.noarch                          9:svn54259-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                     9:svn53394-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                           9:svn54672-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-l3packages.noarch                         9:svn54131-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-latex.noarch                              9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                        9:svn28888.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-latexbug.noarch                           9:svn52414-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                        9:svn53525-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                        9:svn53022-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-lib.x86_64                                9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-lineno.noarch                             9:svn21442.4.41-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-listings.noarch                           9:svn54554-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-lm.noarch                                 9:svn48145-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-lm-math.noarch                            9:svn36915.1.959-38.fc34                        @fedora                                           
texlive-logreq.noarch                             9:svn53003-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                           9:svn17533.1.74d-38.fc34                        @fedora                                           
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                            9:svn53165-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                            9:svn21927.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                     9:svn29349.0.7.0-38.fc34                        @fedora                                           
texlive-luabidi.noarch                            9:svn54512-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                      9:svn52663-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-lualibs.noarch                            9:svn53682-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-luatex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                         9:svn52663-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-lwarp.noarch                              9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-makecmds.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                        9:svn54684-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-marginnote.noarch                         9:svn48383-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-marvosym.noarch                           9:svn29349.2.2a-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                           9:svn52663-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mathspec.noarch                           9:svn42773-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mathtools.noarch                          9:svn54516-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.05.4-38.fc34                       @fedora                                           
texlive-memoir.noarch                             9:svn54554-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-metafont.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-metalogo.noarch                           9:svn18611.0.12-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-mflogo.noarch                             9:svn42428-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                        9:svn54512-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                             9:svn46036-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mfware.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-microtype.noarch                          9:svn52853-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-minitoc.noarch                            9:svn48196-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                           9:svn18651.1.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-modes.noarch                              9:svn53604-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-mparhack.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-ms.noarch                                 9:svn51784-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-multido.noarch                            9:svn18302.1.42-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-natbib.noarch                             9:svn20668.8.31b-38.fc34                        @fedora                                           
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-newfloat.noarch                           9:svn52906-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-notoccite.noarch                          9:svn18129.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                           9:svn53882-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-palatino.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-paralist.noarch                           9:svn43021-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-parallel.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-parskip.noarch                            9:svn53503-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                           9:svn52912-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                          9:svn53082-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                          9:svn53047-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                           9:svn53583-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                         9:svn52913-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pgf.noarch                                9:svn54512-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-picture.noarch                            9:svn54867-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-placeins.noarch                           9:svn19848.2.2-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-plain.noarch                              9:svn43076-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                        9:svn54758-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-psfrag.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.04-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-pslatex.noarch                            9:svn16416.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-psnfss.noarch                             9:svn54694-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pspicture.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                             9:svn17257.1.10-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                           9:svn37377.1.07-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.01-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.06-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-math.noarch                           9:svn49425-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-node.noarch                           9:svn54687-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                            9:svn45506-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                           9:svn54080-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-text.noarch                           9:svn49542-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                          9:svn54518-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                           9:svn43272-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pstricks.noarch                           9:svn54080-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                       9:svn53763-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-qstest.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                           9:svn51780-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-rcs.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-realscripts.noarch                        9:svn39706-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-refcount.noarch                           9:svn53164-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                     9:svn54841-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-rsfs.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-sansmath.noarch                           9:svn17997.1.1-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                     9:svn53628-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-sauerj.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-section.noarch                            9:svn20180.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-seminar.noarch                            9:svn34011.1.62-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-sepnum.noarch                             9:svn20186.2.0-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-setspace.noarch                           9:svn24881.6.7a-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-showexpl.noarch                           9:svn42677-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-soul.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-standalone.noarch                         9:svn47136-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-stringenc.noarch                          9:svn52982-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-subfig.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                           9:svn18017.3.1862-38.fc34                       @fedora                                           
texlive-symbol.noarch                             9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-tex.x86_64                                9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                           9:svn48058-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                      9:svn41264-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                      9:svn40533-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                 9:svn54176-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                   9:svn54903-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch           9:svn54919-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                    9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-textcase.noarch                           9:svn52092-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-times.noarch                              9:svn35058.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-tipa.noarch                               9:svn29349.1.3-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-titlesec.noarch                           9:svn52413-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-tools.noarch                              9:svn53640-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-translator.noarch                         9:svn54512-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-transparent.noarch                        9:svn52981-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-txfonts.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-typehtml.noarch                           9:svn17134.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                           9:svn38907-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-ucs.noarch                                9:svn35853.2.2-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-underscore.noarch                         9:svn18261.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                       9:svn54758-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                       9:svn53609-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                      9:svn53162-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                         9:svn56618-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-url.noarch                                9:svn32528.3.4-38.fc34                          @fedora                                           
texlive-utopia.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-varwidth.noarch                           9:svn24104.0.92-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-wasy.noarch                               9:svn53533-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                         9:svn53534-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-wasysym.noarch                            9:svn54080-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xcolor.noarch                             9:svn41044-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-xetex.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                              @updates                                          
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                        9:svn45845-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xifthen.noarch                            9:svn38929-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                            9:svn35741.2.7a-38.fc34                         @fedora                                           
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                            9:svn49555-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xpatch.noarch                             9:svn54563-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xstring.noarch                            9:svn49946-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
texlive-xunicode.noarch                           9:svn30466.0.981-38.fc34                        @fedora                                           
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-zapfding.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-38.fc34                            @fedora                                           
texlive-zref.noarch                               9:svn54098-38.fc34                              @fedora                                           
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                 0.7.2-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                  0.7.2-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
thermald.x86_64                                   2.4.4-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
thrift.x86_64                                     0.14.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
thunderbird.x86_64                                78.10.1-1.fc34                                  @updates                                          
tigervnc-license.noarch                           1.11.0-11.fc34                                  @updates                                          
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                    1.11.0-11.fc34                                  @updates                                          
time.x86_64                                       1.9-16.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
tint2.x86_64                                      16.7-4.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
tinyxml.x86_64                                    2.6.2-22.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
tinyxml2.x86_64                                   7.0.1-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
tix.x86_64                                        1:8.4.3-31.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
tk.x86_64                                         1:8.6.10-6.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
tkcvs.noarch                                      8.2.3-13.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
tkgate.x86_64                                     2.0-34.beta10.fc34                              @fedora                                           
tmux.x86_64                                       3.1c-2.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
tmux-powerline.noarch                             2.8.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
toped.x86_64                                      0.9.81-28.svn2211.fc34                          @fedora                                           
totem.x86_64                                      1:3.38.0-6.fc34                                 @updates                                          
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                            3.26.5-4.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                    1:3.38.0-6.fc34                                 @updates                                          
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                   3.1.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
traceroute.x86_64                                 3:2.1.0-13.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
tracker.x86_64                                    3.1.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
tracker-miners.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
transmission.x86_64                               3.00-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
transmission-common.x86_64                        3.00-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
transmission-gtk.x86_64                           3.00-7.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
tre.x86_64                                        0.8.0-32.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc34                @fedora                                           
tre-common.noarch                                 0.8.0-32.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc34                @fedora                                           
tree.x86_64                                       1.8.0-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
trellis.x86_64                                    1.0-0.17.20210523gitfe1c39c.fc34                @updates                                          
trellis-data.noarch                               1.0-0.17.20210523gitfe1c39c.fc34                @updates                                          
trousers.x86_64                                   0.3.15-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
trousers-lib.x86_64                               0.3.15-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                   3.0.9-63.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
twolame-libs.x86_64                               0.3.13-17.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
tzdata.noarch                                     2021a-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
tzdata-java.noarch                                2021a-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
uchardet.x86_64                                   0.0.6-13.fc34                                   @updates                                          
udisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                              2.9.2-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
uhd.x86_64                                        4.0.0.0-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
uisp.x86_64                                       20050207-29.fc34                                @fedora                                           
umbrello.x86_64                                   20.12.2-1.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
unbound-libs.x86_64                               1.13.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
unicode-ucd.noarch                                13.0.0-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
univocity-parsers.noarch                          2.9.1-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
unixODBC.x86_64                                   2.3.9-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
unoconv.noarch                                    0.9.0-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
unzip.x86_64                                      6.0-50.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
upower.x86_64                                     0.99.11-9.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
uresourced.x86_64                                 0.4.0-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
uriparser.x86_64                                  0.9.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                   20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                      20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                  20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                           20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                    20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                    20200910-4.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                    20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch            20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch              20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch               20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                      20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch       20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                      20200910-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                             2.6.1-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                        20191128-4.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
usbmuxd.x86_64                                    1.1.1-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
usbredir.x86_64                                   0.10.0-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
usbutils.x86_64                                   013-2.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
usermode.x86_64                                   1.114-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
userspace-rcu.x86_64                              0.12.1-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
utf8proc.x86_64                                   2.6.1-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
util-linux.x86_64                                 2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
util-linux-user.x86_64                            2.36.2-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
valgrind.x86_64                                   1:3.17.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
valgrind-devel.x86_64                             1:3.17.0-1.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                           51-2.fc34                                       @fedora                                           
variety.noarch                                    0.8.5-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
vcdimager.x86_64                                  2.0.1-10.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
vcdimager-libs.x86_64                             2.0.1-10.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
vdpauinfo.x86_64                                  1.0-17.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
verilator.x86_64                                  4.108-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
vhd2vl.x86_64                                     2.5-12.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
vid.stab.x86_64                                   1.1.0-16.20190213gitaeabc8d.fc34                @fedora                                           
video-downloader.noarch                           0.8.3-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
vim-common.x86_64                                 2:8.2.2932-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
vim-enhanced.x86_64                               2:8.2.2932-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
vim-filesystem.noarch                             2:8.2.2932-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
vim-minimal.x86_64                                2:8.2.2932-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
vim-powerline.noarch                              2.8.2-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
virglrenderer.x86_64                              0.8.2-3.20200212git7d204f39.fc34                @anaconda                                         
virt-install.noarch                               3.2.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
virt-manager.noarch                               3.2.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
virt-manager-common.noarch                        3.2.0-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
virt-viewer.x86_64                                9.0-3.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                 6.1.22-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
vlc.x86_64                                        1:3.0.14-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
vlc-core.x86_64                                   1:3.0.14-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                0.1.3-14.fc34                                   @rpmfusion-free                                   
volk.x86_64                                       2.4.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
volume_key-libs.x86_64                            0.3.12-11.fc34                                  @updates                                          
volumeicon.x86_64                                 0.5.1-8.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
vorbis-tools.x86_64                               1:1.4.2-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
vpnc.x86_64                                       0.5.3-41.svn550.fc34                            @anaconda                                         
vpnc-script.noarch                                20201205-2.gitcdbd5b.fc34                       @anaconda                                         
vrq.x86_64                                        1.0.134-4.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
vte.x86_64                                        0.28.2-33.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
vte-profile.x86_64                                0.64.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
vte291.x86_64                                     0.64.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
vtk.x86_64                                        9.0.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
vulkan-headers.noarch                             1.2.162.0-1.fc34                                @fedora                                           
vulkan-loader.x86_64                              1.2.162.0-2.fc34                                @anaconda                                         
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                        1.2.162.0-2.fc34                                @fedora                                           
w3m.x86_64                                        0.5.3-50.git20210102.fc34                       @fedora                                           
w3m-img.x86_64                                    0.5.3-50.git20210102.fc34                       @fedora                                           
wavpack.x86_64                                    5.4.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
wayland-devel.x86_64                              1.19.0-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                    1.21-1.fc34                                     @updates                                          
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                      5-13.fc34                                       @anaconda                                         
webalizer.x86_64                                  2.23_08-16.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                2.32.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                          2.32.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                            2.32.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                      2.32.1-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                    0.3.1-6.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
wget.x86_64                                       1.21.1-3.fc34                                   @updates                                          
which.x86_64                                      2.21-26.fc34                                    @updates                                          
whois-nls.noarch                                  5.5.9-1.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
wine-core.x86_64                                  6.9-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
wine-filesystem.noarch                            6.9-1.fc34                                      @updates                                          
wireless-regdb.noarch                             2020.11.20-2.fc34                               @anaconda                                         
wireless-tools.x86_64                             1:29-27.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
wmctrl.x86_64                                     1.07-30.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
wodim.x86_64                                      1.1.11-47.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
woff2.x86_64                                      1.0.2-10.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
words.noarch                                      3.0-37.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                             1:2.9-12.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                             1.9.92-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
ws-commons-util.noarch                            1.0.2-15.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
wxBase3.x86_64                                    3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
wxGTK3.x86_64                                     3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
wxGTK3-gl.x86_64                                  3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
wxGTK3-i18n.noarch                                3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
wxGTK3-media.x86_64                               3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
wxGTK3-webview.x86_64                             3.0.5.1-4.fc34                                  @updates                                          
x264-libs.x86_64                                  0.161-6.20210412git55d517b.fc34                 @rpmfusion-free                                   
x265-libs.x86_64                                  3.5-1.fc34                                      @rpmfusion-free                                   
xalan-j2.noarch                                   2.7.2-7.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                           1.4.18-1.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xapps.x86_64                                      2.0.7-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xarchiver.x86_64                                  0.5.4.14-5.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
xawtv.x86_64                                      3.107-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xbacklight.x86_64                                 1.2.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xcb-util.x86_64                                   0.4.0-17.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                            0.1.3-12.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xcb-util-image.x86_64                             0.4.0-17.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                           0.4.0-15.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                        0.3.9-18.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                0.4.1-20.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                               1.3-7.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
xcircuit.x86_64                                   3.10.30-2.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                             0.1.2-4.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                         1.8.1-3.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                     1.8.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                              0.17-8.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                          0.10-20.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xdg-utils.noarch                                  1.1.3-9.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                   1.3.2-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xed.x86_64                                        2.8.4-2.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xemacs.x86_64                                     21.5.34-39.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc34          @fedora                                           
xemacs-common.x86_64                              21.5.34-39.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc34          @fedora                                           
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                          21.5.34-39.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc34          @fedora                                           
xemacs-packages-base.noarch                       20190327-4.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
xen-libs.x86_64                                   4.14.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
xen-licenses.x86_64                               4.14.2-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
xerces-c.x86_64                                   3.2.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xerces-j2.noarch                                  2.12.1-3.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xev.x86_64                                        1.2.4-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xfburn.x86_64                                     0.6.2-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xfconf.x86_64                                     4.16.0-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xfsprogs.x86_64                                   5.10.0-2.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xkbcomp.x86_64                                    1.4.4-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xkeyboard-config.noarch                           2.32-3.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                     2.32-3.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xl2tpd.x86_64                                     1.3.15-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xlsatoms.x86_64                                   1.1.2-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xlsclients.x86_64                                 1.1.4-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xlsfonts.x86_64                                   1.0.6-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xml-common.noarch                                 0.6.3-56.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xml-commons-apis.noarch                           1.4.01-33.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
xml-commons-resolver.noarch                       1.2-33.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
xmlgraphics-commons.noarch                        2.6-1.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                   1.51.0-12.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                            1.51.0-12.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
xmlrpc-client.noarch                              1:3.1.3-28.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
xmlrpc-common.noarch                              1:3.1.3-28.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
xmlrpc-server.noarch                              1:3.1.3-28.fc34                                 @fedora                                           
xmlsec1.x86_64                                    1.2.29-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                1.2.29-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                            1.2.29-3.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                              1.7.1-14.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                        19.1.0-8.fc34                                   @updates                                          
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                           19.1.0-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                         2.10.6-9.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                         0.5.0-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                         2.99.917-50.20200205.fc34                       @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                      1.0.1-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                       1:1.0.17-1.fc34                                 @updates                                          
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda.x86_64                   3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-nonfree-nvidia-driver                  
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda-libs.x86_64              3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-nonfree-nvidia-driver                  
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-kmodsrc.x86_64                3:465.31-1.fc34                                 @rpmfusion-nonfree-nvidia-driver                  
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                    0.6.400-1.20210215git5dbad06.fc34               @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                           0.1.5-19.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                          2.4.0-11.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                        13.2.1-15.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                         0.40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64          0.40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                      7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch            7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch             7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch            7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                       7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                        7.5-31.fc34                                     @updates                                          
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                       2021.4-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                       1.20.11-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                   21.1.1-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                     1.20.11-1.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                      7.7-39.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                             1:1.1-8.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                          1.1.1-21.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                             1.4.0-10.fc34                                   @updates                                          
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel.noarch                      1.4.0-6.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xprop.x86_64                                      1.2.3-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xreader.x86_64                                    2.8.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xreader-data.noarch                               2.8.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xreader-libs.x86_64                               2.8.3-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xrestop.x86_64                                    0.4-27.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
xsane.x86_64                                      0.999-40.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xsane-common.x86_64                               0.999-40.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
xvidcore.x86_64                                   1.3.7-5.fc34                                    @rpmfusion-free                                   
xvinfo.x86_64                                     1.1.3-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xwininfo.x86_64                                   1.1.5-2.fc34                                    @updates                                          
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                0.8.0-2.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xz.x86_64                                         5.2.5-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xz-devel.x86_64                                   5.2.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
xz-java.noarch                                    1.8-10.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
xz-libs.x86_64                                    5.2.5-5.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                             5.2.5-5.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
yajl.x86_64                                       2.1.0-16.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                   0.6.3-4.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
yelp.x86_64                                       2:40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
yelp-libs.x86_64                                  2:40.0-1.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
yelp-tools.noarch                                 40.0-1.fc34                                     @fedora                                           
yelp-xsl.noarch                                   40.0-1.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
ykpers.x86_64                                     1.20.0-7.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
yosys.x86_64                                      0.9-12.20210523gitdf2b79c.fc34                  @updates                                          
yosys-share.noarch                                0.9-12.20210523gitdf2b79c.fc34                  @updates                                          
youtube-dl.noarch                                 2021.05.16-1.fc34                               @updates                                          
yum.noarch                                        4.7.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
z3-libs.x86_64                                    4.8.10-2.fc34                                   @fedora                                           
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                1.1.14-1.fc34                                   @updates                                          
zd1211-firmware.noarch                            1.5-8.fc34                                      @anaconda                                         
zenity.x86_64                                     3.32.0-5.fc34                                   @anaconda                                         
zeromq.x86_64                                     4.3.4-1.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                   0.7.2.2-18.fc34                                 @anaconda                                         
zimg.x86_64                                       3.0.1-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
zip.x86_64                                        3.0-28.fc34                                     @anaconda                                         
zlib.i686                                         1.2.11-26.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
zlib.x86_64                                       1.2.11-26.fc34                                  @anaconda                                         
zlib-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.11-26.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
zram-generator.x86_64                             0.3.2-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                    0.3.2-3.fc34                                    @anaconda                                         
zsh.x86_64                                        5.8-5.fc34                                      @fedora                                           
zsh-autosuggestions.noarch                        0.6.4-3.fc34                                    @fedora                                           
zstd.x86_64                                       1.5.0-1.fc34                                    @updates                                          
zvbi.x86_64                                       0.2.35-13.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
zziplib.x86_64                                    0.13.71-3.fc34                                  @fedora                                           
